In August , the Council of the International Monetary Fund has approved USD 250 billion in total , as a total of the special rights of the International Monetary Fund , of which USD 18 billion will be reserved for countries with low income , and the IMF will be called on to report in Pittsburgh on other measures for low income countries .
If we ban it as a food additive , can we continue to die or will have to be gradually classified as hazardous waste ?
As a means of bringing the EU closer together and the citizens of Hungary , it is designed to implement the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Our group believes that media pluralism is not only a Italian issue .
In line with this assessment and , due to the trend in recent years , a amount of yield has been reduced .
The European Union must intervene in the work of the UN Human Rights Committee , because it is now completely politicised and ignored and has no longer been granted a universal confidence .
I think it was not very clear in my opinion .
Furthermore , businesses , businesses and the public sector will have significant economic benefits , because they will have lower energy bills .
Greece replied , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' .
The budget is now for the unemployed , looking for a new job .
The cases that I have mentioned are almost no longer acceptable and there has not been a substantial change as a result of this .
The package includes a series of measures - from micro-credit and SME finance - to measures to improve the energy efficiency and specific technical and technical regulation of the financial sector and financial regulation .
However , I would like to draw particular attention to the fact that in some countries , corruption in the European Union 's allocation of funds is directly linked to the discrediting of policies being implemented in these countries .
It is not about identifying the guilty , but in this case , major errors were made , starting with the <UNK> and the <UNK> accusations of the <UNK> policeman policeman , recently organised at work , which triggered a social tragedy .
I believe that European consumers will have much greater benefits than ever level of regulatory harmonisation .
The Commission 's three sectoral supervisory authorities actually have the same level of structure .
Every agreement should be concluded between sovereign national states , taking into account their peoples through the democratic process .
So there will be no need to ask the people of Britain or any other country from the European Union ; however , this will happen .
I strongly object to the use of non-human primates for clinical research , when they need to be used exclusively in the context of the <UNK> , affecting life-threatening or <UNK> <UNK> .
Thus , Serbia has shown its commitment to economic integration with the European Union and has so far positive results in this regard .
The economy and international markets are extremely sensitive to any measure taken by the European Union , such as the rescue measures adopted in recent days .
We therefore need to firmly move down the path to greater economic cohesion , stronger cohesion in the fiscal area , in economic and social policies of the Member States .
We need to increase control on this issue .
in writing . - I voted in favour of discharge for the European Commission , but I did so with some reservations .
The lack of a single integrated integrated market means that EU energy policy is not able to provide effective solutions to problems relating to the reduction of reserves of oil and natural gas in Europe , increasing the prices of crude oil and natural gas , increasing global demand for energy and global warming .
First of all , I would like to congratulate all four rapporteurs from the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and the Committee on Petitions on the work they have done so in making this remarkable report and on the way that you encountered with the Council and the Commission to achieve such a good result .
Secondly , we are trying to eliminate some inconsistent and sometimes even contentious measures .
Rather , I would like to share with you the response of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund , as well as to emphasise that our concern is now to protect the interests of the citizens and of our people .
As the European Council affirmed in its conclusions , we can obviously not implement the priority to ensure safety for nuclear power plants within our borders .
The aid of the EIB has been extremely important .
It is important for the EU to take a decisive stand on the situation in Kyrgyzstan , because it is a strategic country of strategic importance .
Indeed , we all know - that means that we will remind the Member States of the European Union , who manage a large part of the European funds , who manage to do this in accordance with the good practice ; because we also know that most errors made in the use of European funds are committed by Member States and at their level .
Furthermore , how can the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy ( ITRE ) be able to reconcile both countries , Ukraine and Russia , as responsible for the gas supply problems for the EU , but our recommendations only Russia ?
We listened to you .
We are following the first communication , and we are taking appropriate action as an evaluation of the situation and taking appropriate action .
The first is : what could you say , if , after two or two years , from now , from the government of Lukashenko , someone from the Lukashenko of Lukashenko , here in Parliament , where someone belongs to each other , namely , the Vice-President of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs ?
However , it is very important that , in the meantime , the climate debate has become another debate .
Community aid for the decommissioning of the Kozloduy nuclear power plant units : Kozloduy Programme (
I am pleased to see that the EIB and EBRD have reached an agreement on cooperation in the countries where they are carrying out a joint job .
As you know , and as you have just said , the Council is the one that takes decisions - between the other things - on these matters , in the way , on these matters .
( DE ) In the first half of this year , gas prices have fallen to up to 40 % of gas suppliers .
When my constituents are talking and say <UNK> , do not get good service in my constituency and I would like to travel abroad to another Member State of the European Union , in order to obtain better health care ' , they are not sure in their legal situation .
With regard to nuclear energy , we are in direct contact with the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna and we are closely monitoring and analyse the state of safety in Japan .
The budgetary problems are being faced with economic problems .
Let me explain why the people of the United Kingdom are so <UNK> .
Surely we can not accept this , but on the other hand , the Eastern Partnership seems to be an answer to Russia 's policy in its neighbouring countries .
Lastly , I very much welcome the fact that we have agreed that we did not want a US car industry with a GBP <UNK> billion per year , which ultimately profit only from lawyers , but consumers are not getting absolutely nothing .
I believe there is some kind of plan - the anti-European plan - in relation to production of modern , more clean , cleaner , music , and that we must face those who wish to go to the agenda for these extremely important products .
In view of this , measures must be implemented to limit the impact of price volatility and speculation .
I therefore expect to start the 2011 procedure .
That is what I expect and hope that they will do so .
In Israel , investigations of the objectives and negligence deployed during the operation operation operation of the <UNK> Lead ' were carried out by the <UNK> of troops or a military police force , thereby seriously undermining the independence of the findings , and on the part of Hamas , there is still an adequate explanation for the frozen rockets of Israel in the South of Israel .
I hope that Parliament will reflect today the decision taken by the committees and those of us who drafted this report , which was adopted by a huge majority .
I really believe that , based on experience in this Chamber , that we should not be discussing the economic crisis , the financial crisis , and what can now be called 'the war ' now dubbed a war ' .
Madam President , I can say at the beginning that I believe that I really should not call them to call them not to Millennium Development Goals , but to <UNK> challenges ' .
Mr President , I will take the floor first to congratulate the Commission on its initiative to recognise Brazil as a regional power that <UNK> its relations with the European Union to a strategic level .
This is partly due to the numerous and decisive amendments tabled by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , which have made it less ideological , more pragmatic and capable of counterbalancing critical critical points identified in the Western territory of the Western European Union and also identifies the positive aspects and parameters to develop a full return of sovereignty to the sovereignty of the Libyan authorities .
Thanks to the work of the rapporteurs , the procedure was simple , and particularly welcomes the idea that the group of experts from seven different countries will start the procedure .
Cohesion policy is a fundamental concern for the EU in order to find a balance between richer and poorer regions .
I am not sure whether we should limit this in the only one department .
( RO ) Mr President , I believe that respect for the independence of the judiciary - a fundamental standard of living - a basic standard of procedure , backed by the European Union and Brazil - must be forthcoming to all other considerations .
There is another problem in both Campania and in Lithuania , which is caused by the total absence of cooperation between citizens and bodies .
I wish you all to talk about reality .
We must therefore not stop with our <UNK> appeals .
The common aim must be to encourage better public awareness of disease relating to ageing and vaccination of the World Day of Alzheimer 's , 21 September , with information campaigns on the prevention of diseases and treatment of <UNK> diseases .
When does the Council intend to take measures in this regard ?
Thirdly , we need to push the Union for the Mediterranean ( UfM ) and its projects that can contribute to the economic modernisation of Mediterranean countries .
The future progress has been a fundamental subject , and I am pleased that I can once again point out that aid is being made in innovation in the automotive industry through the European Investment Bank in order to ensure that the crisis situation does not weaken the ability of industry to innovation .
The positive vote on the European programme means supporting efforts to commercialise the cultural heritage of the Member States .
The EUR <UNK> million has made it possible for us to fund a number of important actions in order to promote governance in tax matters .
Subject : EU policy
They are also prepared to take appropriate measures to deal with this problem .
The NGOs have reported that bloggers that raise political issues are held in prison .
This contributes to the market distortions , which would be caused by a sudden increase in imports of certain textile products to the EU market if the allowable quotas are not respected .
EUR Sixty visas is too much for most of the Belarusian citizens .
The view is that the spectrum is a scarce resource that does not depend on borders .
Let us be a lesson .
I would also like to say a few words on Pakistan .
At the same time , consolidating the transatlantic partnership must offer a new opportunity to develop cooperation with the third big actors of the Southern hemisphere , namely Russia .
We do not deliver it with great help .
We are not moving away from now quickly as they all want , but we are moving fast enough to be able to say that this cycle is better in the <UNK> and that it is better to keep to this logic of progress than to the logic of blocking .
I am pleased that everyone has already realised the truth .
From a political point of view , this is not just a game with moral <UNK> , nor should it go to the problem merely from a sense of fault .
The overall , practical solution often escapes by details or even by lobbying interests .
There is now a possibility of development in terms of jobs , particularly for women .
I hate my voice to those of local communities who first suffer the consequences and joining the fight of environmental movements , while also calling for an immediate ban on the use of cyanide in the European Union .
The proposals have been made .
The man is an misunderstanding .
As a member of the Committee on Development , I would like to emphasise this aspect .
I would like to know how you are trying to introduce the common asylum system by 2012 because that seems to me to be too late .
Two years ago , I said in this House that I felt that the Treaty of Lisbon does not share the fate of <UNK> and sea ' , which , after long , has long been a long shot of the clash of the port the port dropped almost as a substitute .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - Mr President , honourable Members , during the negotiations on the European Union under the pressure of certain political forces , Bulgaria has agreed to wind up 4 of its nuclear units in the Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant and implemented this commitment in the exact timetable .
Iceland can make a valuable contribution to EU policies , because of its experience in the field of renewable energy , particularly in terms of using geothermal energy , and measures to combat climate change .
The EU has credibility and liquidity .
We need fishing imports , but I am saying that this should not happen at all costs .
The social protection policies that are due to be taken must also take into account the living conditions of women forced as self-employed workers , who are employed as seasonal workers , particularly in terms of the need for adequate housing , health insurance and safety .
It is no surprise that you support the Presidency from an extremely generous position .
Moreover , the Gulf Cooperation Council has recently announced that it has not already been recognised as a legitimate regime of polite Gaddafi .
in writing . - ( EL ) The system of mental health , which is being proposed to the detriment of capital , to capitalist restructurings and to the commercialisation of health , and not to the interests of patients .
The creation of a network of immigration liaison officers is another step towards a centralised measure controlled by the European Union , which serves to spread immigrants and refugees .
The economic crisis has exacerbated even more poverty .
At times , there are products with the same brand mark in the European Union , but with a different product specification for the different countries .
The Irish people were threatened with a huge coalition , political revival , the large businesses , the majority of the capitalist press and the European Union Commission , that if they vote 'no ' , they would be isolated economic , be penalised by the European Union and will have a <UNK> of capital and investment , and if they vote in favour , there will be jobs , investments and recovery .
The gender stereotypes are a good example of gender , a methodology that is a methodology for a register , a methodology that is not yet the case , although it is still not permitted .
The same goes for nuclear energy .
I also met many other groups of disabled people who wanted their position to be revised .
That means that there will be more talk .
The industry will benefit from the time to submit an application to the market , which will mean that the administrative costs will be made available and that it will have a chance to go to the market sooner , reduced profits from sales .
The Council will also show how the European Union will be involved in these plans and explain how the expenditure between Member States and will explain how the costs are distributed between Member States and also efforts aimed at achieving these objectives .
After all , we have taken up our role as drivers , if we can not come up with the resources and measures , we will not manage to reach an agreement and the prime responsibility will fall to Europeans .
Some of these topics are present in this report and I am hopeful that we have succeeded in achieving a comprehensive report .
Mr Putin is in prison and there is no reason to believe that he will be released soon .
In all EU trade agreements , a social clause should be included which is legally binding .
Why ?
If we want this agreement to make it possible to introduce a regulated , transparent and environmentally friendly timber trade , which brings benefits to the local population of the relevant countries , not groups whose legality is questionable , the European Union must make sure that local and indigenous peoples are fully respected and that these people are actually fully respected and that these people are actually fully involved in the negotiations that are being followed and that they are in the negotiations that are in progress and that are in progress .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is still a pity of how the Council has managed to deal with this issue so much briefly .
As someone who has been working for many years , as a journalist and has deep knowledge of this multi-dimensional , this issue is particularly important to me .
If you think you have a mandate for this , you have been a <UNK> and you have been a <UNK> .
It is not only justifiable , but also the <UNK> to deal with them only as commodities or services .
We really proposed to Japan our experience in the field of nuclear energy because of the extremely serious and worrying situation affecting not only Japan but also the whole international society .
Ladies and gentlemen , citizens complain that Europe does not have a face .
Secondly , let us pay more attention to ecology , or to be more precise , to integrate into the educational level , such as integrating into education and new discipline .
Luckily , the Estonian Government did not have to hold a referendum in order to take the decision to accession , because we well know that citizens are concerned .
However , despite our refusal to agree with this philosophy and our attempts to prevent it , reality forces us to use force even in peace missions .
Let me tell you how I see Europe in the future .
Furthermore , Mr President , no declarations , even if they are made up of the group chairs , will change the legal obligations of Parliament , which are law .
It is pleasing that the number of people travelling to the European Union has increased .
( Applause )
The report concerns extremely important issues concerning the sector of ratings , such as the lack of competition , the oligopolistic structure and the lack of accountability and transparency , especially in the ratings of sovereign debt ratings .
( NL ) Bosnia-Herzegovina , in fact , constitutes Yugoslavia in the longest amount , a federation , a federation , whereby the various ethnic groups must choose between this to live together or combat internal conflicts throughout the entire territory .
However , these statements can not be true simultaneously .
It is important to remember that the real regional market is a fundamental foundation for successful implementation of the interim Economic Partnership Agreement and that regional integration and cooperation are essential for the public and economic development of the Pacific States .
Although we support measures for managing and protecting European forests , we do not support the creation of a new European forestry policy to transfer the European Union 's powers .
( PL ) Ladies and gentlemen , the budget for 2010 is a hard compromise .
The cooperation mechanism and the test that the President of the Commission himself is merely a document , and reports on progress do not correspond to their behalf .
However , some of the proposed measures go too far .
At a time when we should promote public transport as an effective and environmentally friendly environmental option , new provisions for passengers will give them the rights they deserve .
The situation has changed since then .
This may lead to a Europe with an increasingly different growth and development in it , to the idea of a single European Union and to a disappointment of the European public and to a disappointment of European citizens .
We need awareness of the fixed degree of information what that means .
It is time for the European Union to start to rightly accept the opinions of European citizens and to listen to the voice of the people .
In 2007 , it was decided to include this treaty within the EU legal framework .
Let us therefore try not to make them the same as the same matters .
This shows that we have been right - the euro can not work ' .
But , at the same time , we are also a <UNK> from international voices such as Russia , we are , in principle , open to third countries , as Russia , of course , a full member of the Black Sea Synergy , where regional issues are dealt with .
Credit rating agencies are due to provide information on quality of credit .
That is why research in this area is of the utmost importance and we must also focus , above all , on providing funding , coordinated work and coordinated activities .
The convention has so far been ratified by 26 Member States and by the Community .
Dialogue has been changed recently and I think that this is a good thing , with the conclusion of the sanctions which were part of the European Union 's position and in which there were no sense , and with the resumption of political dialogue , it was possible to do something which was not possible since 2003 , to talk to the authorities in Pakistan for their religious beliefs .
As the next meeting of the European Union for Parliamentary Cooperation , Russia will take place this week in Strasbourg , I hope that we raise this issue with Russian public prosecutors and the Council of <UNK> , and I would like to encourage my fellow Members here to do the same .
( PL ) Mr President , I would like to talk about the security of raw materials for production , which is what farmers and traders in the European Union need , as well as feed and feed for animals .
We need additional negotiations with the Council so that we can finally reach a final agreement before the summer , to provide a robust basis for the euro .
We all agree that they are necessary and we all agree that we need to find the legal basis .
This will thus be a ground-breaking site for a successful EU-US summit in Washington , probably in June .
The Democratic and most important thing of Ukraine is the key to democratic , responsible and <UNK> with Russia .
As was said , we started the negotiations in October 2008 , during the French Presidency .
First of all , there are three explanations of vote on the Framework Agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission .
We definitely have a common interest in achieving this objective and we should not forget this during the debate on the future of cohesion policy after 2014 .
( ES ) Mr President , I voted for Amendments 30 and 31 because , as the CFP flows , the total allowable catches ( TAC ) and the definition of the TAC should take into account the characteristics and objectives of the various fleets - so that they can be retained for fishing that have had hitherto been granted opportunities for fishing that have so far .
Is it because the Structural Funds and cohesion policy not <UNK> the common agricultural policy ?
Freedom should also be also expressed in the dissemination of new information technologies so that the Internet in particular becomes a source that is as broadly accessible as possible .
Firstly , it must be made clear that human rights mean that we must not mean that we should disregard the concept , say , subsidiarity or <UNK> the different values of the Member States .
Another interdependence of supply is security of supply .
I hope that our specific recommendations , along with the Commission 's comments on the aforementioned issues , will be translated into a successful project .
The natural situation gives us material to table .
By improving the food supply chain , it should be possible to avoid such high quality logos of foodstuffs and to reduce the instability of consumer prices .
The original amendment reinforces the concept of preserving the Statute for National Minorities or other organisations founded on religious membership , and , at the same time , Article 3 and the corresponding recital 18 and relevant recital 18 of the recital on the wording proposed by Amendments 81 and 29 of the 10 of the 10 of the <UNK> report , in my opinion , the scope of competence of Member States in respect of access to educational institutions based on religion or personal beliefs .
We do not know where and how it will be established a European safety net , which alone is a bad thing .
Until now , the parliaments of eleven Member States , including , of course , Hungary , have approved it .
That was also proposed in Mr Barnier 's report , but we have not reached a conclusion .
The truth is that they are linked to the massive presence of immigrants who are spreading in Europe 's <UNK> concept of religion , Islam , but if today , the cost is paid by women in these communities , then tomorrow , can be our women and the heart of the Western society .
However , as I said in my opening remarks , we must help the poorest parts of the world to obtain clean drinking water .
In this context , this is simply a matter of logistics .
Citizens will be able to call on the Commission to present new initiatives in policy areas .
We will be partners in solving these questions .
The same goes for the continued existence of tax havens .
Members of the European Parliament have a crucial role to play in bringing in and promoting European policies for youth in Member States .
It is very easy to throw out superficial stress tactics , but in the real world there are people who wish to retain regulations .
For example , the tasks of the Directorates-General will be significantly enhanced , along with the management of risks .
I am proud that this is a convention that was agreed in the history of the United Nations , but , above all , I am proud that the disabled and the organisations of disabled people have a full role in bringing it and adopting it .
We want to call for this process to be clear and simple so as to convince them as representatives of the individual voters who ultimately represent the European Union .
The potential reduction in the use of asbestos in Europe must be warmly welcomed .
The agreements put an end to a dispute settlement , where more than 15 years ago , Europe has been of a different opinion from Latin American countries , producing the preferential treatment afforded by Europe to the group of ACP exports from African , Caribbean and the Pacific ( ACP ) .
Further legislative changes are required to protect journalists , human rights campaigners and politicians from criminal prosecution and because of expression against violence .
( PT ) Mr President , a few days ago , it was marked by the first meeting of 1 May as the International Labour Court .
Someone today made a good speech : 'No ' does not have a bearing on freedom of solidarity , but without solidarity , there is no strong , effective European Union ' .
This must be done simultaneously with the wider opening up of the market and will allow Member States to use strict and effective enforcement measures .
This standard is in the 19th century .
These policies are absolutely essential , as they are an expression of justice and ensure that the European Union is constantly committed to its values and maintains its attitude towards these values .
Sixty and seven per cent of the residents of Europe expect to be developed in this area .
However , we are faced with major problems such as increasing unemployment and rising budget deficits .
The European Parliament has consistently called for the establishment of a true common European diplomacy .
I do not need to mention that this ambitious long-term long-term target will require Georgia to make and support the efforts that aim towards implementing reforms .
For a long time , I say that , as far as the protection of human rights and minority rights in Europe is concerned , it is concerned that the Council of Europe has a system of protection for human rights and of minorities , while the real political burden in Europe is of the Union .
Commission statements on Petitions in 2006 ( vote )
This violence is not a private matter .
As a name , I am concerned that my emergency trade preferences would seem to be like a reward for the Moldovan Government of the absence of action in this regard .
I will respond to a few specific questions raised in the debate .
You have realised that everything has lost , but in your <UNK> desire to keep their dream of the system out of every missed of democracy .
I actually believe that we can not talk about the EU budget today without opening the debate both for own resources and the Community regime , or without mentioning certain spending items .
However , these EUR 11.8 million will be requested from the budget line for the European Regional Development Fund ( ERDF ) .
This is almost illegal fishing , and we should not , in any way , oblige them to join the EU .
I voted in favour of the new College of Commissioners .
Of course , we would all like to see an immediate transfer of intervention mission .
The cooperative cooperative cooperative cooperative collaboration and a joint effort to achieve concrete objectives will , however , help build a credible solution that is needed to bring about viable solutions .
I believe that , in the fight against climate change , there has been a very much urgent focus on renewable energy sources , which are obviously very important .
The exercise of exercise of the mandate is <UNK> ' .
In the context of the hysteria that has erupted in Japan and the problems of the reactor at Fukushima nuclear power plant in some Member States , the citizens of some Member States have decided to abandon nuclear energy consumption in a relatively short space of time , even though there is no sign of a common problem .
On the other hand , apart from the imposition of a full embargo on the security of the Commission , it is inclined to examine the possibility of supporting reform in the area of security in order to reform the army and its conversion so that stability can resume stability in Guinea .
We understand the problems , but we can not understand your actions , Commissioner Dalli .
Thus , the European Union shows some solidarity .
in writing . - ( DE ) Energy efficiency is an area with great potential for the future in which the European Union already has some experience .
I believe that it is essential to continue paying particular attention to regions mentioned in the objective of supporting 2 , by supporting the economic and social transformation of these areas , by supporting the full potential and encouraging the coordination of all their resources and opportunities to support growth and employment .
The European Union has announced its intentions through legislation , which is already obligatory : legislation that emerges from the European Council , which has received the support of the European Council and Parliament , and - unilaterally and unconditionally - the European Union has already set a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 20 % by 2020 .
However , it is regrettable that the European Commission has put this proposal to the European Parliament and we can not have a meaningful debate here , although the CAP regulation is worthy of a change .
We need to send a message from Brussels and Strasbourg that we are not only concerned or exclusively about rebuilding the financial system , but that we are fully aware of the need to develop our social policies , especially those that support the most deprived , the poorest in the European Union .
Mr President , the 10th anniversary of the euro is indeed a cause for celebration .
The Council is composed of ministers and prime ministers of sovereign states .
I fully support the rapporteur 's efforts to find a balance here .
Tens of thousands of refugees no longer have a home , and they do not know where to go .
I urge you to consider , for example , that you will take a look at the meeting , for example , to take a few days - because , if you were to take a couple of days - because , in effect , you were actually able to cut the UK opt-out ...
The EU 's strength lies at its open borders and free trade .
It is crucial that the forthcoming elections scheduled for 7 March 2010 can become the next great step towards consolidating democracy in Iraq .
As human rights are particularly important for the European Union , as we all agree , we must aim to aim to help .
Will Tony Blair be Tony Blair with his <UNK> ?
When it comes to visas from third countries , which require visas , it is fundamental to examine each other case .
However , there is a need for the European Commission to take concrete action diplomatically to respond positively to these problems .
Once again , thank all the parliamentary groups for their support , tone and constructive behaviour .
This brutal capitalism can not fail to fall into democratic and responsible capitalism , to which we enjoy today in Europe and to the West .
The question is urgent .
There is a UN resolution that is the basis for the democratic deficit and the opening of negotiations .
My simple recommendation to the Albanian people is to wait until they take a position from negotiations before they take a position .
That is my last debate as President of this parliamentary term and I would like to thank everyone .
We need to know how the costs of new technologies and who will take them .
I do not want to take a new vision , but take the package presented last week by the President of the Commission and Olli Rehn , and to put it with its four major areas to discuss the Council and to your fellow Members .
This will create opportunities not only for consumers , but also for our small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , which will , from now on , be easier to profit on the scale of the scale of the internal market .
The European Commission 's proposal is very positive and improved by the relevant changes that Parliament has made , namely
Today , one spoke of refugees .
<UNK> linguistic groups do not encourage learning of languages ; it is being promoted by the ongoing collection of people who speak different languages in school , to work and to play a game .
One of the circumstances that make life easier for the ordinary citizen of the EU is the constant amendments to legislation .
The group of Tymoshenko lost the elections precisely because of the ordinary people had been getting out of their outrageous corruption and the theft of public property on the part of certain officials .
It is becoming hard to sustain rates and high levels of employment and to sustain stable public finances .
The European Union 's main ideas have gradually become a policy that has become the principal principles of poverty and the promotion of human rights , fundamental freedoms , decent working conditions and good governance .
This regulation identifies enhanced cooperation between certain Member States ( Austria , Belgium , Bulgaria , Germany , France , Italy , Italy , Malta , Romania , Romania , Romania , Romania , Romania and Spain ) .
I am pleased to say that the Spanish Presidency has received only support and recognition by the Commission , from the Council and from the European Parliament for its constructive attitude and I am delighted that today , not a single criticism of attitude towards fundamental institutions .
The first is that homosexuality is no longer classed as a mental disease ; and the second which is of particular importance here , it is that there is no reliable research that you can not take a child for homosexuality into children for homosexuality can affect their sexual orientation .
I voted in favour of Parliament 's resolution because I believe that , despite the draft budget as amended by the Council , does not correspond solely to the actual need for a sustainable , coherent and effective EU budget , the aim of this Parliament 's budget to be fully and predictable by the beginning of the financial year , was achieved .
We will not eliminate poverty and hunger from the world without the help of the market .
In this context , we consider it vital that cooperation with the countries of North Africa is developed for developing renewable energy sources .
I would like to emphasise that the international economic and financial crisis has also exacerbated the need for a worldwide social crisis , and this only has exacerbated the need for strong rules to ensure that there is more effective supervision of the global economy , and that its development does not be in the detriment of our societies .
The fact that Cameroon is the world 's leading African fishing exporter for Europe , makes it necessary to regulate the flow of goods through a differentiated agreement that we are voting on today .
Of course , it sounds logical when we say that export must be authorised and approved beforehand .
There is a psychological explanation for this momentum .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) is a case , and so you are signing your promises and your own Treaty !
This resolution was carefully analysed to avoid any possibility of escalation in the violence in Thailand and letting them open to dialogue , but that does not mean that we will go without calls for democracy .
Mr Orbán , we need European economic governance .
If you will allow me , I would like to emphasise one more question : so far , we are focusing on the euro area , but we also need to make sure that we do not get to grips with problems .
We have seen the number of people who can not meet basic living needs .
The Spanish Government must take it into account , but it has never done nothing .
I would like to urge the Bureau to give a strong letter to the Council with the message that such behaviour is unacceptable to the Council with the message that such behaviour is unacceptable .
We will need to assess the effectiveness of this measure and its impact in the possible direction of the fraud to another Member State or other types of supply or fraud .
I strongly support fiscal balance throughout the economic cycle .
The situation is no different in Libya and Egypt , according to foreign reports in this area , foreign journalists are in danger .
We wish to see a similar approach from Member States and from the Commission .
This is largely due to the excellent work of Commissioner Rehn .
The European Parliament and the Commission have acted together to propose a series of initiatives to respond to the crisis .
In view of this , we must support the implementation of the European Strategy objectives for the Republic of Moldova in order to achieve the desired and of both partners .
Let us learn from the failures of the Lisbon Agenda , another name that no one understands !
This is a very good result for Parliament and for Europe .
This will be my proposal to the European Council so that - and I am keen that this will be possible - Parliament will have every role to be fully involved and fully committed to the strategy .
The proposal was done by Germany .
Finally , I am pleased to note the quality of the annual activity report on the activities of the Committee of the Regions , particularly in its corrective part , for the follow-up to Parliament 's follow-up and the Court of Auditors ' discharge , which highlights the importance of these important and appropriate decisions .
It is also essential that Madagascar does not enter into agreements on natural resources before there is a government with a mandate granted to it by the people .
We can not expect , especially in adverse economic circumstances , that problems will be judged on the basis of a system of moral values .
Let us not think that we are indifferent to these tragedies .
In the forthcoming package on the rights of victims , we will pay particular attention , in particular , to the protection of particularly vulnerable victims , such as women , but also children .
Mutual recognition of certification in certification represents an enormous benefit to the EU , given that this will establish mutual recognition of findings in all areas of airworthiness for all Member States .
When we focus on expenditure in the budget , we must also focus more on the people who really benefit from the Union 's policy , not just on the annual budget .
I was in Kampala and a group of five years ago and I met a group , homosexuals and <UNK> in a village whose owner they recommended the meeting to take place .
After taking this path , the only fate that awaits Moldova is the one of Belarus in the best case .
And , more serious , Mr President , it is that the Council in the world is , 10 000 Europeans will lose their jobs , and the same will happen tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , there was no major initiative and no meeting tomorrow , and there was neither a summit on employment issues .
- Ladies and gentlemen , we are ignoring the impasse in the Czech Republic .
We need to remember what happened in 2005 when the Stability and Growth Pact was abolished .
We all know what will the result be - it will be a more strategic approach , and we also have a road map , but if we do not need new ways of dividing our message , both Israelis and Palestinians in the region ?
We therefore voted against it .
He spoke positively about where improvements have been made of progress .
In addition , it is necessary to introduce new systems to ensure that this never happens and that there is money for emergency cases to stabilise failures in the system .
( PL ) Yesterday , in <UNK> , Poland , a constituency in the constituency of the European Parliament was murdered on their own .
The delegation is here in the European Parliament this week , this week , to attend a Coptic working week organised by the Bureau to promote parliamentary democracy .
It is not necessary to say that the conclusion of an agreement with India at this stage only adds not only to a huge economic value , but also to a fundamental strategic strategic one .
However , if I may you please allow me , to draw your attention to ...
It is broadly backed up by social platforms and civil society .
This is a completely irrelevant argument that can perhaps be combated exclusively by the Belgian Member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
It is estimated that 9.9 million people in Europe are chronically affected by neurodegenerative disease in Europe .
I believe there is something that the Commission needs to be aware of .
We need a link between our decision-making process and implementation of the latter globally , in particular , in the United States .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
As the report states , the legislative process affects 52 000 industrial companies in Europe .
We need to <UNK> ' negotiations on the protocol on the protocol on genetic access and sharing of benefits .
Are you going to help your country 's interest ?
We are discussing the legislative package of many months and we have already reached a 98 agreement with the Council .
The EU 's recognised inspectors must watch and monitor ships arriving in Indian ports , with destination the European Union , with which I wish to say that monitoring and monitoring must be carried out on Indian ports .
When people from the media , publishers of newspapers come from , we also say that they have questions , we should discuss these issues seriously .
I often ask the following question : if 50 years of trade relations , you have not even encouraged any development , and , by extension , no longer enough development , how can this be achieved by establishing the markets ?
This will stimulate the economy and create jobs , and will also contribute to achieving the Barcelona targets .
We are also a feeling of proportion of the manipulation .
I believe that in this framework , dialogue between the European Parliament and national parliaments will highlight the central plan of our common goal , our common responsibility and solidarity , which we must show the right of European and national and national in order to be able to take the right decisions and implement the right policies , policies that often require a difficult long-term understanding , particularly for our colleagues from national parliaments , who must pay a price in their countries .
If this is not yet done , I can assure you that it will be in June .
The report reaffirms that the TFTP was used to identify and prosecute persons who were subsequently convicted for terrorism within our Member States .
It is also important for financial protection for women in the event of unemployment or motherhood .
I also appreciate the innovative way in which the European Parliament has taken up this initiative .
The Commission continues to be committed to the accession process of Turkey , as it gives a strong impetus to political and economic reforms .
I therefore believe that the fight against poverty should be combated by stimulating the economy and not by means of subsidies , which must always be financed by tax , which we always need to finance , which we know , are stifling taxpayers and the economy and an obstacle to economic competitiveness .
( RO ) Madam President , the directive lays down the legal framework for responsible nuclear fuel and radioactive waste management , which is absolutely vital in terms of Lithuanian acts .
There are two opposing positions , on the one hand , the position of the Chinese regime , which claims that the Dalai Lama is a man of violence and is stifling people , the persistence of violence ; the Dalai Lama and the Tibetan Government in exile want independence for a national state that is in conflict with China 's territorial unity .
We need an effective supervisory system that will create conditions for ensuring stable finances for the economy and ensure economic growth and lasting jobs .
However , there are no specific options for operational activity .
The new moment is that , with the so-called <UNK> ' scenario , projects can now be financed and projects in developing countries , particularly projects which fall within the scope of the common definition of development aid .
Above all , it provides citizens a platform to express themselves and offer ideas for European legislation .
Report on the European Union 's draft general budget for the financial year 2010 - Commission (
We have approved the proposal that we have adopted on the current rules on the import of live animals , meat and meat products remain in force until they have adopted a new regulatory framework .
Paradoxically , Russia is constantly a friend , whichever Russia does , including the gravest attacks such as journalists , and America is a partner , a enemy in the clothes of enemy - enemy , who really helped to release Europe from the Nazis of friendship - which did indeed not have to reward these victims but did so .
Now , the rail railways travel routes five times .
A new centralised economic governance from Brussels , which certainly establishes the European standard , is certainly not the right way .
I call on you to vote for the initial report , and not for the amendment of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
I was therefore not happy when we spoke about postponing the vote .
The second is to ensure that the commitments we make will be respected and the third concerns are also concerns the third of ownership and vulnerability of the people who , for example , live in <UNK> , are built on foreign property .
We will be decisive when we give more power to Eurojust and when we are to protect our citizens ' data , or when we need to draw up rules on the asylum package .
Sudan has failed .
Even this week , <UNK> in the newspaper , written <UNK> by the renowned journalist , was <UNK> on <UNK> , or perhaps under a instruction , of the Prime Minister .
That is why we emphasise very clearly in the EU 2020 strategy and we have discussed this issue of diversity in a very precise way with instruments such as social and economic cohesion policies .
It is even less acceptable to say that the closure of Guantánamo and the resulting consequences are an extremely topical problem for the US Government .
The next item is the debate on
We can not wait for the United States on all these issues .
In order to provide comprehensive information , the Commission can also deal with the issue of the existing alternative products which know that the functions of the performed of the performed system .
Our right to do this was clearly defined in the Rules of Procedure .
These values are important to the European Parliament in its excellent relations with Thailand .
I am convinced that the ceiling of direct payments is certainly not discriminating against large farms .
The permitted level of protection is not only unsatisfactory , but it is tantamount to the ignoring of the existing fraudulent practices , as they require a response that European legislation can not offer .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - Mr President , on behalf of my group , I am asking for this package to be put on the agenda for the current session of the current session .
I recognise , Mrs Malmström , that you are right and the issue of employment policy in particular must be a priority .
Other EPAs are in preparation .
Mr President , I am concerned by the use of criminal law against individuals from the same sex , I agree to uphold the collusion between them .
To summarise , I would point out that the majority of the houses majority of the houses is due to the poor implementation of the Law of the Sea Law of Mr Zapatero by the Socialist Government of Mr Zapatero , whose actions , based on arbitrariness , lead to the use of confiscated , only in a region of Spain .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) does not wish a similar Europe .
Many efforts and ideas that are , in themselves , already being abstract , can already be included in a system and that is in place to meet specific needs .
Russia , however , unlike Turkey , cultural , spiritual and geographical relations , is in contrast to Europe .
That is why specific measures are required to promote their future social and economic development .
As a result of the economic crisis , there has been a rise in racism and xenophobia , as well as in the number of crimes caused by them .
Austria , too , notes significant progress in the North Atlantic route .
This also touches on the fundamental idea of European cooperation - free movement .
We also need to call for a change in attitude on mobile phones , such as the promotion of the use of devices <UNK> ' devices , limiting the use of mobile phones from children and young people , putting them on safer techniques , tracking of certain class campaigns and encouraging operators and electric operators to benefit from the stations and <UNK> <UNK> .
Mr President , in your speech to us , you said that it is extremely important that the strengthening of the single market and that the consolidation of the single market is a recipe for the crisis in Europe .
They are among the promises that have been made again and again , but they do not bring about adequate , tangible assistance .
Now , at the end of the year , once again , when the issue of cohesion of the Union is being asked , the Committee on Budgets clearly advocates the postponement of the 2011 budget .
It is time for the Commission to take matters in its hands and not just statements - as you did and Commissioner Kroes - but to make sure that businesses actually get business plans and investigate whether there was no simple aid .
Europeans from third world means that Europe will be replaced by the Third World .
She was <UNK> after the <UNK> boundary between Chechnya and <UNK> after she had been extradited to <UNK> .
Education and vocational training are a long-term process , and so we need to know what needs we have in 10 years , and not just at this point , so that we can support the next generation .
Although the report contains some good proposals , it can not fulfil the specific objectives .
It is scandalous to be presented as a right to the duty bound to have to go and to fund travel abroad in order to get the right treatment .
Although it is defined as an instrument for development aid , this mechanism is not a lack of contradictions and particularly among some of its stated objectives and the results achieved in practical terms .
Of course , the landscape provides opportunities .
A highly high-level political meeting in economic , social and financial terms was <UNK> to the partisan technical meeting .
That is why I voted as I did .
In this connection , I can mention the European Arrest Warrant .
For the right time , violations of human rights , association and religious conflicts , or religious progress or consensus required , and efforts are required to the sincere attempts to dialogue and tolerance .
This will be a good gift for 1 July , Mr Vondra .
The only way to tackle the Mugabe regime is to take fair and free elections .
What results have the GSP+ effect ?
Thank you , Mr President , I believe , that on the issue of social policy modernisation and aid for the countries of Central and Eastern Europe has a very practical rhetoric , but little real action .
My vote in favour of this resolution once again expresses the positive opinion expressed in committee on employment and social issues .
- ( LT ) Madam President , I really agree with all the ideas that have been mentioned today on the creation of a crisis mechanism and on the additional measures that I believe that both the European Council and Parliament will debate in future .
Let us not forget this and when it comes to our eastern neighbour .
I would like to ask the Commission whether and when will present such a proposal .
However , only has it offered to the people of the world recognition of their rights in terms of the ecosystem and establishment of an appropriate judicial authority .
Thanks to multiannual programmes and strategies , as part of policy , the individual regions and , in particular , the poorest regions , have the opportunity to sustainable growth , boost competitiveness and create jobs .
This is an important instrument for strengthening regional integration in this area , which , in turn , is an important preparation if these countries are to integrate into the European market and join the Union of three stages .
I believe that , when the citizens ' initiative is implemented , we will ensure this is the case .
The abolition of the representatives of religious minorities from the electoral register , as has happened in Pakistan in 2007 is certainly the kind of practice .
We are working through the United Nations : only a month ago , we have signed a resolution condemning the situation .
Let us not use the <UNK> to lose sight of the leading role that Europe has in industries , in which we are strong , and to lose our capacity for innovation in areas that are of strategic importance to our Union .
( GA ) Mr President , I am not a member of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy ; I should also be , I would like to be a Member .
And , while this really does well well , I would like to see it all the good sense , behind it in principle , I see , for example , that immigrant immigrant churches are encouraged to continue using their mother tongue here , that the European Parliament even calls for the linguistic languages of foreign minorities , or of minorities of residence abroad , to be included in school programmes or the Member States , in particular , to encourage the use of native language languages , but also to encourage the use of the fundamental language of immigrants .
Such charges are an insult to the principles of sound international relations , as well as to the ordinary human decency .
The vote will take place on Wednesday .
I hope that the conclusions of the practical implementation of the EU strategy for the Baltic Sea region will enable the future role of the macro-regions in the European cohesion policy to be assessed more accurately and adequate .
The reports can nonetheless be a source of support for all those who are fighting for a different type of relations with the countries of the South , especially with sub-Saharan Africa .
This has led to bankruptcy of many businesses and trade structures .
Since the start of the operation , over 30 women have been lost , of whom 30 % are women and children .
The idea of creating a blacklist of unfair commercial practices so as to cover not only contracts between traders and consumers , but also between the traders themselves , is commendable .
Furthermore , we need a change in attitude as a whole and the public should be more concerned about corruption , which is , unfortunately , still part of everyday life in the country .
The least needs to be critical of the circumstances that have led to the ban .
It is vital that Member States support the organisation of international exhibitions , and thus so , as such events provide European Union citizens with access to innovative research .
For this reason , I support Mr Barroso 's candidacy , but this support is not a blank cheque .
Of course , first of all , the issue concerns human dimension , mainly because it should not be allowed to sacrifice human lives .
Thank you for the understanding .
( PL ) Madam President , the genocide issues in Chechnya , the murder of the <UNK> to use their organs in transplantation and rape of women are raised in this House many times .
We do not want to be more complicated , we do not want to get more wool .
It is , however , difficult to believe that today , young people alone can not suffer Europe or imagine a future in the EU .
In the communication , the objectives are set for a 10-year period , while the Commission 's budget provides only with short-term financial support .
However , this is already a fait accompli , there is no point in continuing discussions on it .
Only then will we have a very little reason for hope that there is a change for a people who has been going through for decades in a post-communist socialist dictatorship .
However , I agree that the European Union must rigorously impose the implementation of the six-point plan agreed by President Sarkozy .
In the current context of economic crisis , it is extremely important that social policy is going hand in hand with economic policy .
The question of preserving species - and I would like to emphasise this - is not a question of a charity for a number of small small <UNK> , without which we simply will have to deal with .
On the other hand , the Presidency must also look at the discussions and reservations that Spain and Italy have put into account .
I am confident that the vote after an hour will support the compromise reached between European institutions .
What is your position on this ?
I would like to point out that Article 8 of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control ( WHO ) , which has so far been ratified by 26 Member States and the Community obliges countries to ensure effective protection against exposure to tobacco smoke in the workplace and in closed public transport and public transport .
As for overcoming crises , we have also clearly highlighted in May the need for a robust crisis management framework in the euro area and the Commission intends to table proposals for a permanent crisis mechanism to overcome crises .
I voted in favour of the resolution on the integration of the Roma , based on the opinion that specific policies need to be implemented quickly .
In fact , they find that health is in poor areas .
We are against the Union for the Mediterranean .
I have received reassurances in four areas .
Therefore , I would have liked to have been less <UNK> than usual , Commissioner .
Without strong and powerful , the EU with a common foreign and security policy , I do not believe that we will make the United States and Japan , China and India , to take the necessary measures .
You should have been <UNK> .
The rail bureaucracy and the security flow of security measures will not contribute to security , but will create a inconvenience to passengers .
In Kaliningrad and Belarus , this is already being done in response to the demand from Central Europe today .
( SK ) Mr President , while we are addressing violence against women and violations of their rights for a number of decades , it has not been possible to stop this reprehensible form of criminal activity .
I therefore propose that the EU , in cooperation with the Member States and regions , should introduce a coherent reconstruction and development plan that takes into account geography , the environment , biodiversity and the activities of the coastline .
I would also like to thank the Council and the President of the Court of Auditors , in particular , for having been here , although it is strange , although it is strange , to emphasise this .
Each of the speakers highlights how serious and dangerous the level of energy dependency of the European Union is .
And we do not have a democratic power , nor legal basis , to develop a social Europe .
( ES ) Mr President , while the crisis is not in the developing countries , they are the ones who are severely and severely affected by the huge wave .
in writing . - ( PT ) The renewal of the negotiations in September between Mercosur and EU is of great importance to the EU .
Of course , this is not a package for economic recovery .
They have a right to a clear and simple answer .
As we are not a united country , there is no direct election for the President of the European Union .
It is true that an agreement on capital requirements can be reached , but not on the regulation on hedge funds .
The Union currently has 143 nuclear reactors , with 30 % of the energy mix being responsible for nuclear electricity .
The organisation of information campaigns for consumers ' rights through the use of educational material will also be a good idea .
This means that Member States do not recognise their citizens ' early , in other words , fast , fast and high quality healthcare .
Now , in the <UNK> Union , no one is wondering whether this should happen .
But if we look at what happens in the future , it is clear that the people who will suffer are not the ones who must .
It is particularly important for the directive to apply for digital products , as well as - partly - for the transport of passengers .
These sound proposals are intended to protect the most vulnerable members of our societies .
We hope that this can be presented to the Council in a completely reasonable time .
The problem is that we have not received a concrete answer , nor was there any specific answer .
It is important to take immediate measures and coordinate the delivery of humanitarian aid to the people of Haiti , more than one million still live in the refugee camps that have been frozen .
Such a programme will improve the situation of the construction sector in Northern and Southern Ireland , which will help to maintain jobs and fulfil our obligations in terms of climate change and , as was mentioned earlier in this debate , to tackle energy poverty .
The regulation is simply extending the duration .
I am speaking on behalf of the Romanian people .
This is a very poor and a very serious condition that actually prevents companies such as it <UNK> them with bureaucratic nonsense , which aim to simply make companies realise a number of common sense , which actually does not always seem so easy .
I hope that the review of the legislation on the collection and processing of electronic waste from electronic equipment will enable increased quantities of precious material , because , apart from environmental benefits , it will also bring economic benefits .
It should also be introduced to introduce a grey period in which fishing is banned , which would match the temple of the collapse of the temple .
The debate is closed .
This is particularly important given the support that the post-crisis crisis has received during the crisis .
It is therefore essential to support entrepreneurship and reduce bureaucratic and fiscal difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises .
On the one hand , it must comply with its international obligations and ensure universal rights of the Tibetan community , but on the other hand , it can not ignore the opinion of its massive neighbour .
This is , unfortunately , the <UNK> outcome of the 2005 Revolution which provoked hopes of a real change in the political dynamics of the Hungarian republic and which , seem to be the most striking , along with events in Ukraine and Georgia , while at the moment , the geopolitical future of the region as a whole .
However , there are other technologies that are no less dangerous , such as atomic technologies , for example .
( EL ) Mr President , my question concerns the principle and the reason for my colleague .
Moreover , if the Commission receives complaints from economic operators , that the regulation is being implemented incorrectly by some national tax administrations or has led to undue results , it is in its role as guardian of Community law that will take on its responsibility and take the necessary measures .
It focuses on the most important areas in the EU 2020 strategy , which define Europe 's development path .
We will therefore take into account criteria such as employment , when we set the ceilings for income support for farmers .
Madam President , in recent years , we have seen a campaign on the freedom of religion for religious faith .
We are now faced with the problem of the transition to the 'polluter pays ' system , which is another important principle that we must strive to push ahead .
This report will not only bring tangible benefits to the people of the EU , but it will show that , as they work together at EU level , people can draw from the benefits of a separate , individual , to whom they live and independently of their money .
From the EU 's old external missions , there is only one of a new Member State .
It should be said that it is really important to amend the current legislation and to be transposed .
We have seen the potential rate of the EIB from the potential for the bank .
You do not need to remind you of the terrible acts that have been committed recently .
How are we going to have conversations with China ?
I thank you for the obvious support for the inclusion of Bulgaria and Romania in the Schengen area .
The restrictions on media , including the Internet , are unacceptable , and I urge the Egyptian authorities to restore all communication networks without delay .
We have been forced to have good partners in this , who have shown reasonable flexibility and the same purpose as the rapporteurs of Parliament , particularly to reach an agreement as soon as possible , in keeping with quality of our work and ensuring that , one year after the Treaty of Lisbon , we have a regulation on the <UNK> provision of the Treaty of Lisbon .
Defending the independence of the mandate of a Member of the mandate is the responsibility of Parliament ; independence can not be jeopardised .
The European Parliament is rejecting the Council 's proposed budget cuts in the structural and cohesion funds .
Financial supervision of banking institutions is also very important , and I hope that you can make progress on this next week .
His <UNK> list has reached 4 200 200 victims , 18 of which died in March this year : this is a real <UNK> .
We hope that tuberculosis alone will not be any worse than the disease .
There should be no interference in the economy , all strategic services in the public sector should be consolidated and measures should be taken towards deregulation of the market .
We propose a number of clear policy measures to combat gender-based violence , including measures to combat trafficking in human beings , which I consider particularly important to mention in the EU 's trafficking in human and in the EU , especially for women and children .
Why not to get the Union with new weapons to combat the rampant trend affecting our children in increasing age ?
I welcome the rapporteur 's proposal , which enables the Member States to make a choice and enable them to exempt from the obligation to grant annual accounting to provide annual accounts , i.e . they are based on the scope of the current directive .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , this morning , the Council answered the questions that have been asked through the Spanish Presidency .
The Swedish Presidency has tried to start things with its road map , yet the situation is still difficult for the Member States .
I will not repeat them , Mr Barnier , and , of course , welcome the opinion that you have signed up and your determination to ensure that this regulatory framework is effective and that you do not , above all , distort competition at international level .
It is very important that the security dimension of the Black Sea is involved in strengthening decisive action to strengthen democratic order , good governance and the establishment of sovereign capacity .
( SL ) I would like to express my agreement with the main objectives of our strategy , namely to prevent the climate from rising upwards degrees .
By attempting to establish disparities between European workers and third-country workers , this proposal reinforces the segregation of immigrant workers , increasing the differences in treatment and improving the conditions of their lives in the treatment and instability of their working conditions of working conditions .
With regard to the deadlines , we hope that the official European Council will be prepared in time for the Spring European Council , but I think it would be even better to have official Council official conclusions in June .
Parliament can return to this issue at first reading of the 2011 budget , which will take place in <UNK> .
The report also states that the chapters on investments are often accompanied by a commitment to the liberalisation of capital and the refusal of control measures on the part of capital .
They are not acceptable or completely non-existent .
It is obvious that the Commission and local authorities will have a crucial role , first and foremost , in terms of the control and management of European Union funds .
We must ensure that the regulation does not create unnecessary obstacles to the implementation of the citizens ' initiative , but that it makes it clear and more equitable and more equitable .
Furthermore , GDP can be misleading , in the sense that remedial measures , such as accidents and natural disasters , are considered as a benefit rather than as spending .
Mr President , in relation to our rejection of the interim agreement on the TFTP Protocol , we welcome the decision of the Spanish Presidency and the United States to resume negotiations in order to adopt fundamental guarantees of data protection for all EU citizens .
We are therefore committed to human rights in this country .
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , I am not in favour of agriculture ; in other words , I do not trust the advertising <UNK> for <UNK> hens and <UNK> pigs , as my everyday life is quite different .
Our commercial banks have <UNK> up to a terrible problem because they are making a bad debt .
It is estimated that the criteria that deal with these factors should be given greater importance .
This is a timely time of ongoing work carried out with the Council and the Commission .
However , sometimes in my country , I call my friends in the country , because I oppose my party in Transnistria simply because we oppose this government .
Democracy also requires our civil rights and freedoms never to infringe .
Although it is difficult in our days to imagine the erection of Hitler , the <UNK> of Stalin is witnessing a <UNK> in his own town of <UNK> Square in his home town .
We must also look at the problem of market volatility , but I would urge caution in this regard .
Creating democracy in external relations ( debate )
( GA ) I would therefore like to end with the words of my language , which says that the good start has been half way .
It is also worrying , for example , that my country 's contribution - Italy - is now increasingly - is becoming more expensive - <UNK> % of GDP .
Today , we can talk about traditional and People 's culture in historical developed regions , but we can not say much about their existence in the developed regions .
It is therefore important for the Treaty to enter into force , and I can make sure that we do our best to ensure that this happens as soon as possible .
The conference clearly demonstrated in real figures gathered from economic experts that enlargement may be a most effective project in the modern history of the EU , and that these five years clearly clearly indicate that this was helpful both for old and for the new Member States .
Otherwise , the conferences would not have been so widely reflected in the media .
We also approved the marketing of sugar in wine .
This issue is related to the transatlantic voice that I am talking about at times .
I voted for discharge of the European Training Foundation in respect of the 2009 budget and I welcome its initiative to grant the discharge authority to the European Centre for the Internal Audit Service .
On the other hand , such a competition rules must be applied flexibly when this is necessary , without compromise on the principles on which policies are established in this area .
The message of Egypt is a message of the whole Arab world .
When meat comes from meat is carried out in the EU , there is an inspection by official veterinary services at the Member States ' borders .
First of all , it focuses on the substance of the problems that many small businesses in a particularly difficult economy , in which there are very difficult conditions for them at the moment .
The newly elected prisoners adopted under this scheme can get access to measures for rehabilitation in EU Member States under the applicable national law .
All the culture of the common fisheries protection rules will not be established until we get equality and fair treatment at the centre of inspections and the consequent production against our fishermen .
Mr President , it is good to hear that there is a need for diversity and multilingualism , but I would like briefly to point out a situation in my conclusion in the UK .
We must learn how to cooperate with other countries like Thailand .
That concludes the debate .
Madam President , I must say that I fully understand the situation of the people of Pakistan in Pakistan , but I would also like to say that this decision is tragic for Europe , particularly for some countries that are already experiencing serious difficulties , such as Portugal , Spain and Greece .
The European Economic Recovery Plan is reflected in the EU budget for 2010 , with EUR 2.4 billion available to finance strategic projects relating to energy , transport development of broadband in rural areas and supporting rural communities .
I and my Socialist colleagues in the European Parliament believe that you and my fellow Members from the Group of the European Parliament , as well as the others .
We have to look very closely once again at this point .
In fact , what you are going to do is infect out .
I very much hope that we will maintain ...
Madam President , Commissioner , in the last 50 years , the European project , established by so many efforts , has never been described as it today .
It seems to me that Mrs Ashton is opening up a field of activity and its service should have an diplomatic and political pressure on the authorities of Pakistan , which must finally begin to combat religious extremism .
The 20 % target is to make it mandatory .
That is a mistake , and I would like to be very clear on this point .
Ladies and gentlemen , the <UNK> are high , and we therefore have a duty to translate into confidence not only to the markets , but also to Europeans : confidence in our common ability to innovate and enterprise and also to confidence in Europe 's ability to return to competitiveness and , therefore , growth .
Secondly , if not taking into account the Chinese occupation of Tibet , which is also why the Communist government itself , will be increasingly concerned with the government of Nepal , will be one of talking about the first World War , without mentioning the killing of <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
on behalf of the S & D Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , I would like to support this proposal .
I know very well that today is not a good time for this .
Now , another party was banned .
In the case of Romania , the implementation of the policy allows for approximation with other EU Member States , especially since all eight regions in my country can benefit from the Structural Funds .
I can not fully agree with the analysis , but I agree that this is an opportunity to look at the future , and part of this is to look forward not only at Parliament , but also to all the ACP parliaments .
In addition to all this , the establishment of compensation programmes is the Member States ' secretariats .
If the process is renewed , I hope that the perpetrators will be identified and brought up because otherwise there is a risk of larger bloodshed and that is to be seen as a solution to carry out more than this species .
I would like to state very clearly that the Commission will continue to support cooperation and touch with Georgia in many different areas , which will enable the country to move and move closer to the European Union .
Add to this and to the annual losses for the economy , which alone for Africa alone , are estimated at over USD 50 billion .
Therefore , let us those of you who will follow my advice against the first part of this plenary vote and then we will have a further vote on the oral amendment that I support .
The real <UNK> ' was not carried out with the banks , but with the European Union and our desire to be united in the euro area and in Europe .
You have signed these agreements with the many more recent ones today !
When we recently visited Istanbul , we have also seen that millions of <UNK> and Greek Christians were murdered in the 21st century .
We are all sending it the best wishes .
It was more than what is , of course , essential .
For these reasons , I have not supported Amendment 6 .
At the same time , it is regrettable that Hungary 's name was not among the President of Van Rompuy , because unfortunately , Hungary is not participating in the Euro Plus Pact .
I would like , Commissioner , to pay particular attention to the situation of immigrant women .
Our main task is to maintain the operational system and to ensure that EU citizens have had the same social standards that they had before the crisis .
We are talking about the objectives that we can fully identify , we are hearing lofty intentions , but we do not hear almost anything about how these objectives will be achieved in particular .
We therefore need to ensure that , in future , this percentage will become lower in view of the long-term interests of agriculture and of public health .
I will now make three final comments .
It therefore abolished the decision of the Supreme Court , which once again bans the prohibition of the newly formed parties to stand for elections .
If the collective rights of employees are to be improved , as our intention is to do so , this should not be done in a form of companies , but rather a more general initiative that also takes into account the different traditions in the Member States .
I would like to mention some specific points here to the many points that the report contains .
I voted in favour of this resolution as I advocate the OSCE to make greater efforts to alleviate the effects generated by human beings in Europe ( OSCE ) more effort to alleviate the effects generated by human warming .
With regard to the report on transitional technical measures , I would like to remind some of the most important technical measures , as I have done , for the two of my fellow Members , amendments , which aim to eliminate discrimination without scientific justification , and I emphasise that there is no scientific justification for discriminating against certain Portuguese fishing vessels using trammel nets .
We are also being penalised in the potential effects of this measure in the areas affected by the floods .
Madam President , firstly I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on their hard work on these reports , which I pass on to the Chamber .
The public debt rate , which is rapidly increasing , will be a burden for future generations and an obstacle to economic recovery and growth .
I believe that this is the current situation .
Does the Commission plan to provide financial assistance to help these countries to get the support and economic assistance to enable them not to bear fully the costs incurred by illegal immigrants in criminal proceedings ?
We are definitely moving in the right direction , as we are trying to help small and medium-sized enterprises to benefit from a Community project .
The pragmatic approach is important , and I expect to hear how we will deal with other areas of real tension , such as Kashmir , for which the revolutionary of Afghanistan has told us that it really endangers everything that the people are trying to do in the region .
Mr Cameron or Mr Barroso ?
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
I actually believe that it is time for European institutions to take this more seriously .
<UNK> is not there .
that fisheries agreements between the EU and third countries should be preceded by a wide-ranging discussion in the respective countries , in which they can involve the public , civil society organisations and national parliaments , such as the most effective way of democracy and transparency ;
We therefore believe that it is acceptable to take into account other indicators that could overcome these shortcomings so that social progress can be made as efficiently as possible , reliable and close to reality .
Yet Nepal is not Iraq .
Firstly , we need better coordination .
The safeguard clause is a safeguard clause which , in my opinion , is sufficient to prevent problems that may arise , so it is quite clear , you are either in favour or against the proposal .
We are currently negotiating with Commissioner Hahn on how the regional programmes can be more results-oriented in the current financial period - it gave its heartfelt support for this idea - and how we can use the forthcoming funding programmes to give a greater priority to the issue of energy and buildings in the next financial period .
According to the legal procedure , the Council will adopt the text after normal legal and linguistic launch , and then the directive can be published in the European Union 's principled decision in the European Union as soon as possible .
The word is 'stability ' , is it not ?
As you know , there is good progress in the negotiations .
His spiritual reputation and its technical skills , which have been revealed during the extremely traumatic process for selection , promise an intelligent and active mandate in the supervisory authority under its authority .
I have already seen the outcome of referendums in Denmark for Maastricht , Ireland for Ireland , for the Welsh and the Netherlands , and now in Ireland , for Lisbon .
That is what we are saying : yes , let the Treaty be revised , but without a Convention , it is possible to put the right of this approval into the right of this approval .
They are more dangerous because we do not see when they are slaughtered in the face of a child in this country .
The results are exceptionally serious , as we have seen in the shores of Libya , and we need to make sure that we look at a broader policy effectiveness .
The lack of a vision in the social sector is not just in terms of consumers .
The aim of competition policy itself is to guarantee consumers freedom of choice and access to products of lower and affordable prices .
Any country that wants to become a Member State of the European Union must commit to this principle and be a signatory to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , not least in terms of sexual orientation .
The most serious problem in Slovenia concerns inspections , because , once the internal European borders have already been removed , it is difficult to check whether the lorry drivers are already in place for the prior authorisation of lorries .
I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs and the shadow rapporteurs , as well as John of visitors .
I would like to thank Members in particular for the various committees who are responsible for this report .
In the European Parliament , there should be a first and balanced representation as soon as possible .
This will protect European production from imports imported from the East countries that have production .
However , we must not give a victory to the victory too soon , because the threat to sanction is not sufficient ; we must guarantee the necessary legal instruments for inspection .
After the negotiations were blocked over nine months , they were resume in October 2009 .
You may not have noticed , but so far we have achieved very little progress .
The Lithuanian Constitutional Court 's decision on the 100th anniversary of Polish names alone is just one example of this .
This specific context is characterised by three important points .
This is simply unacceptable and requires action on the part of all the sectors involved and countries involved .
Now that Tibetan resistance is in the process of democratisation , it is extremely regrettable that Nepal , a country in which so many Tibetans , has suffered such a path of democratic elections .
In some countries , a written agreement is required from the potential donor of the donor , whereas there is no objections to the donor of the donor can be made by the donor of the donor .
The Joint Undertaking is in its start-up period and has not yet fully established its internal control systems and financial reporting .
He understands the importance of collecting data and statistics , but I will make sure that he will listen to the concerns that you have raised .
This will allow reduced CO2 emissions to be reduced , as well as to improve energy efficiency in a more viable and productive way .
However , they can lead to undesired circulation of the <UNK> virus in unvaccinated animals .
We must change this <UNK> in order to sound this : SMEs are too important to fail .
Finally , I find it very important that the European Union not only speaks with one voice , but also that changes the behaviour that it has shown in Copenhagen and other countries , such as partners and with the sense of ambition and which has a significant contribution to the success of Cancún .
The demands will be as realistic as possible : there are a number of mechanisms for review and control and the idea of an EU TFTP mechanism is also presented to discuss .
On the other hand , the European Parliament has also proposed a catalogue of requirements concerning its own ambitions in the procedures relating to own resources and yourselves , too , you have the opportunity to take up the declaration of the European Commission , which has shown that you are continuing to go ahead with the European Commission 's agenda , which will actually continue with the agenda and thus introduce the new budget procedure , as well as the forthcoming financial perspectives .
This decision was right and Parliament was very much aware once and Parliament was fully aware once again .
I can promise you on behalf of Vice-President Kallas that we will improve the communication with Parliament on these matters .
In contrast , the foreign policy of Spain 's foreign policy provides a good example by means of constructive , regular , regular dialogue , a significant number of people were released .
We will not make progress through a painful attachment to the state and the market .
The liberalisation of markets , incentives for mergers and <UNK> and the demand for profit and competitiveness in the food industry have led to the independence of multinational companies , higher consumer prices and higher profits for capital .
That is the case at the moment .
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , I welcome this debate and thank the Council and the Commission for the information that you presented to us .
However , I must say that the restructuring of sovereign debt restructuring seems to have been severely devastating consequences for financial stability in the country itself and the euro area as a whole , as well as the consequences for economic growth and employment .
The reason is , first of all , that we are living in a casino capitalism .
Furthermore , the Italian electorate wanted to <UNK> the Communists from the parliamentary arena and they have no longer listened to in this House .
Spain and the Spanish Presidency know that they have been the most important Presidency in an extremely important moment for the Union and for the UN as regards the protection and promotion of human rights in the world .
This means that the EU Court of Justice in Luxembourg will have competence to read and bring the board two potentially competitive directives - the EU Charter and the Council of the Council .
All of this had to do this , there was a second reading .
As you remember , this discussion has also been taken into Britain .
I have been successful campaigns at national and European level for over 50 years .
It should use all means to strengthen civil society and to assist those who oppose oppression in Burma .
We will have plenty time to do this in this House .
We should remember that the democratic development of Turkey is not so important for the EU as for the citizens of Turkey themselves .
It increases all the other types of threat .
He says that as part of this Commission package , it should be given the task of amending budgets before national parliaments are approved .
The first that is perhaps the most important for the Committee on Foreign Affairs and it was also mentioned by the Commissioner , is the requirement that the politicisation of respect for human rights , including basic standards of the right to work , should not be made of trade preferences .
( DE ) Mr President , the subject of the Lisbon Strategy was competitiveness and this has been very highly unilateral economic strategy , which has , of course , failed .
At the same time , let us not make the EU a scapegoat for something that it has no fault of .
However , the creation of such a fund must inevitably be financed by the consumer , which means that passengers will have to pay more for tickets .
However , Commissioner , trade in the Mercosur countries should not become a one-way street .
This was said by former head of government , which <UNK> its own country .
My biggest concern is that there is no proper impact assessment by the Commission and there is no clear indications of what this report will mean for agriculture .
The report calls for safer , more efficient transport , which <UNK> less .
( ES ) Madam President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , Spain has just experienced a painful situation in which a name and all its continent have suffered blackmail , <UNK> and countless risks .
Several Members have <UNK> the fact that we are working on the basis of a mandate of a mandate of 1999 .
Energy used by buildings represents a third of the European Union 's energy , accounting for the European Union .
In the weekend , the Council , the Spanish Presidency , the Commission - especially Commissioner Kallas , whom I thank for their willingness and hard work during this period - and Eurocontrol have worked to prepare a much more effective and more suitable response to the lasting crisis that has been made to have many serious repercussions on the whole of the European Union and beyond .
We must keep our commitment to ensuring good cooperation between the institutions , the good as well as in the past , in the light of the new institutional framework .
European structures for harmonisation have harmonised European standards based on the basic requirements : compliance with the definition of toys is assessed and ensured by the mark of the mark guaranteeing a high level of safety in respect of international standards .
I fully endorse the result of the vote .
The amount that we have provided is sufficient ' .
Aside from the introduction of a suitable investigation system , as many people require , and persecution of responsible for the dreadful failures in recent months - I dare to say in recent years - it is necessary to take every initiative initiative supporting the mediation and dialogue on the one hand , and many of them are to be formed to form a new governing class class class .
They not only help farmers ' incomes , but also compensate for the costs needed to be stabilised for compliance with increasing the increasing demands imposed on agriculture .
There is no matter how large the Member State is , nor does the size of the company or the size of the company of the company .
Have the lessons learned from the financial crisis and the subsequent economic crisis been learnt ?
In my opinion , and on behalf of the Committee on Petitions , I am , therefore , in my opinion , looking for closer cooperation between all the institutions involved , so that citizens are aware of which they can call for protection .
President of the Commission
Obviously , such requirements must be made with regard to a country that is quite frankly violating the commitments that it has made , namely respect for human rights and international law .
Citizens , like their politicians , want to be able to travel freely .
Despite the strategies inspired by this fact , statistics indicate that youth unemployment are disproportionately affected by unemployment .
I hope that the new President of the United States , as he said in his opening speech in July 2008 , will give a great value to these relations .
We know that this is a compromise between institutions that respect their promises .
The EU delegation in <UNK> <UNK> took a formal diplomatic step and was held several meetings with the Brussels mission and the prestige in Brussels to express my strong concern .
Many thanks for your speech also very much for your speech today .
EU Black Sea Strategy for the Black Sea ( debate )
While I take the initiative of Mrs Reding on senior boards , I do not support the initiative to punish women in particular .
However , Mr President , there are some issues that remain concerning the package of measures .
I agree with the rapporteur that the Agency should present a comparison of operations carried out during the year for discharge and operations carried out within the previous financial year , with the aim of allowing the European Parliament to assess the Agency 's performance performance performance for two consecutive years .
We should simply take measures to resolve the problems that 12 million citizens are facing directly in this sector .
The Danube Strategy is a common project , where all partners must honour their commitments to ensure that it works and will achieve the agreed objectives .
Unfortunately , however , we know that , in some cases , such decisions do not exist and we still need to use the experiments of animals , particularly with non-human primates .
This omission is a lost opportunity for the European Parliament to confirm its commitment to a swift introduction of such an instrument .
A number of honourable Members really have raised this as a specific question .
We are going through a crisis of exceptional proportions which began a long time ago and has a chance to continue for a long time .
My country , Austria , is particularly affected by its geographical proximity with the eastern countries .
I therefore abstained on this resolution .
I would like to ask you to return your family to their family in his family .
It is not good to say that we do not want a discussion .
The Barcelona objectives , as women from the PSE campaign , have shown during the 2008 campaign that they are useful for the whole of society and for children .
Efforts to create more stringent regulation and more stringent supervision will not prevent any potential crises .
The implementation of international commitments , undertaken by Russia , can also be considered contradictory in a number of respects .
I hope that , in view of this , we will benefit from the next few weeks to ensure that the first procedure for the Treaty of Lisbon is a success and not a failure .
The announcement of this day by the United Nations in 1999 and the adoption of the resolution today is valuable instruments which remind national governments of their obligations , which are reminiscent of national obligations arising from international contracts to eliminating all forms of discrimination against women .
It is therefore important that we , as politicians , take responsibility for the attitude of religious minorities in our countries and promote an open , friendly approach to all religions .
At present , it is known that neurodegenerative diseases pose one of the main causes of people in old age , and that the number of people affected by these diseases is expected to significantly increase .
We certainly have one more restrictive proposal before us .
Moreover , I am concerned that the Commission did not carry out a study on the employment impacts in order to enable us to take an informed and responsible decision on new requirements for what is otherwise a very positive limit on the one of the most dangerous limits of the IIA .
That is now in their detriment .
Since its inception , the group has consistently maintained the rights of national minorities and considers unacceptable any violation of minority rights .
Article 308 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union is aimed at measures adopted as part of the internal market , which are not directly provided for in any case , and are not necessarily similar to those who should be admitted to the granting of pregnancy to third countries .
In view of this , we can only welcome the fact that the Commissioner for Fisheries and maritime Affairs , Mrs Damanaki , and the Commissioner for Trade , and the Commissioner for Trade , are once again in parallel with the Commission 's seats .
It gives guidance to how the European Union actually works in a period of competitiveness , solidarity and good governance .
I particularly welcome the requirement for sites and persons working in <UNK> to study the physical disabilities .
Thank you very much for this information .
Mr President , at the beginning of the operation of Paris and Rome , the European project has set the objective of <UNK> over the objective of freedom or democracy , and which is right , it exports its ideology .
The European Parliament , the Council and the Commission have acknowledged that Fair Fair trade contributes to sustainable development and introduces more fairness in trade , which is one of the EU 's objectives .
It is therefore extremely important that the relevant stakeholders within the European Union should commit to collective efforts against cancer .
We must maintain the current EU agricultural budget by 2020 in order to provide incentives to farmers to supply us with safe food , to protect the environment , to create new jobs and to ensure the competitiveness of the EU 's agricultural sector .
That must be consistent between the Commissioner for Agriculture and I am also in the case of not agreeing , the matter is one of dispute resolution .
It is emphasised that the protection of the rights of individuals and persons with a legitimate aim of legal interventions and freedoms is in place for legal rights and freedoms .
In close cooperation with the Presidency and with the Member States , we continue to explore ways in which we can make the best contribution to resolving the crisis .
It is also regrettable that the subject of what happens in the Middle East following planned the planned withdrawal of American troops from Iraq , which is a sad subject for the United States .
It is clear that , in order to succeed in success with Desertec , ownership must be common , otherwise it is impossible to achieve a successful result .
They are the result of wars and armed conflicts , ethnic tension , violations of human rights , as well as the inability to practise their own religion , natural disasters and the lack of suitable economic and democratic structures .
Every country must agree regularly with adequate financial contribution .
The cumulative implementation of the new method can have a negative impact on achieving an important objective of reforming the CAP reform - support which is targeted , fair , well-balanced , well-balanced and transparent .
It should be recognised that this was not the best solution .
The Commission will help the good cooperation between Member States and will monitor complaints associated with the exchange of information or cooperation .
The limits for administration are absolutely necessary .
( GA ) I wish you every success in this important endeavour , Commissioner .
The Council and the Member States must make progress on this subject , otherwise , can we hear : we are talking about the SWIFT , conversely the SWIFT .
<UNK> can , to some extent , play a positive role .
If we are honest , we must recognise our historical responsibility for climate change and that our emissions per head of the population are still on the rise , for example , to China or India , for example .
These are just some of the cases .
However , they must be proportionate and must ensure that innocent passengers - the vast majority - the accessibility that they deserve .
It is crucial to clearly resolve that a future citizen of the Union has the right to travel to the European Union .
<UNK> oppression and intimidation are a long-standing era of past <UNK> instruments .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
In response to this , we have also adopted in committee that , if we do not manage to improve the implementation of the programme , so that funding is to be diverted for the purpose , we will need to rethink how much money is to be allocated to the Marco Polo programme and whether a proportion of the money should be redeployed to other programmes where they can make more effective use of the money .
When this happens , we will be selling hands , but on the next day , we will forget it .
In case , if you express your opinion before the end of the ratification procedure , you will first take place under the Treaty of Lisbon and will have Article of the Commission .
After all , in the light of the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' of 31 January 2011 , the temple of the entire <UNK> nation states as a <UNK> nation and as a dictator , the <UNK> of the tiny man , on whom the Kremlin could have some real influence .
We have put paid payments on the ground to a smaller extent to which we make a lesser degree than it does now , destroy a industry that is on the verge of survival .
Of course , this action will initially return to the European Union 's credibility .
The principle contained in Article 9 must therefore , therefore , be in all these documents and legislative measures so that they can become a single and resounding whole .
As for the whole subject you are talking about , let me tell you that this crisis has made up more than five million Europeans .
( The President cut off the speaker )
I firmly believe that , as a result of the creation of the European Observatory , this will be a desire to carry out a medium- in the near future .
One of the issues of the <UNK> investments in the networks of the new generation , ensuring that the telecom operators receive a fair return to investments , taking account of the risk that they are duly faced with the risk of relocation .
- ( FR ) Madam President , firstly I would like to pay tribute to the huge amount of work done by the rapporteurs .
Thirdly , cohesion : we need to ask ourselves whether our fiscal system of fiscal regulations is complete .
I look forward to the European Commission to present us with a review of the impact and I will watch the negotiations on the final Partnership Agreement closely .
However , I believe that it is a very important step that makes Europe and the European Union more comprehensible and more open to the needs of not to politicians or , in other words , to those who use different modes of transport .
The consultative authorities are responsible for the effective investigation of the facts and the legitimate trial of responsible for the guilty of persons responsible for the Hungarians .
Public supply in research and development in Europe are an equivalent percent of public supply in general .
Patients must be comprehensive knowledge of access procedures abroad .
I am of the opinion that the consequences of the use of a zone should be included in its natural condition .
Look at the moment .
As a reaction to the criticisms made by the European Court of Auditors in the last 10 years , the Commission addressed the auditors - and this is reflected in the media - with the call to shift up its <UNK> to work in such a way that the figure in the accounts of the EU would seem better .
Let us not deceive ourselves .
We all believe that the Council should be under pressure and we find ourselves regrettable that it has been for a number of years to block the country of origin .
The allocation of the EUR 100 million promised by the Commission must be accelerated .
This requires us to be fair as well as the participation of other industrialised countries , so that this is not just a European project .
I know that in my own country , 20 % of young people are unemployed and a emigration that has been <UNK> , is built with the so-called <UNK> brain drain , which covers , among other members of my family .
If Member States are to pass their stability and cohesion programmes and their convergence programmes simultaneously , and we will have a truly connected approach .
There are problems , however , in this regard .
The agreements between businesses - support for research programmes , for example - may make it more expensive to eliminate unfair competition .
It is time for Europe to show that it is ready to protect its citizens in tragic situations .
We are talking about a common asylum area and an integrated policy for managing refugees , which we need .
These waste contain a driver , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> and other chemicals and <UNK> that are dangerous in combustion .
The Council 's decision provides Member States which have not yet joined the Paris Convention to do so , while respecting exclusive EU competences recognised in the Treaty of Lisbon .
Again , opportunities have been lost .
Indeed , while Europe wants to pioneer health requirements , hygiene , caring for the environment and , especially , social standards regulating their producers a highly restrictive system of cross-compliance , beef production of beef - and , in particular , Brazilian production of beef - still does not fully meet hygiene and health standards .
in writing . - ( DA ) The Danish Social Democratic Party MEPs voted today in favour of the report on EU agricultural policy after 2013 .
I wish them all well for their time and thank them for their work so far .
In the Council , many Member States have also expressed their concerns regarding the proposal .
However , its rules must be applied to the functioning of the single market , cross-border trade , rather than to matters that are internal economy .
The European Union and Russia depend on each other , as the Commissioner confirmed and Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner .
I must say that , on two occasions , those with the <UNK> Irish Bank ' and the company for an individual credit company , we are working on a version .
We must encourage the <UNK> by increasing the current boundary for the young person and a year .
Madam President , I have great concerns about dairy production in the United Kingdom .
We all share the responsibility for the delays in the use of the funds .
Once the agreement is signed and you have a translation and checking of the translation , then it will be presented to the Council for the signature and of Parliament for ratification .
The main sectors of export , which will be affected include pharmaceuticals , ICT , ICT , medical products and other foods .
As a temporary measure and pending the Commission 's legislative initiative , the regulation will be monitored in coordination by the contracting Authority from the competent authorities , with the legal force of the Member States ' deliberations , with the legal force of the decisions to ensure that the Frontex agency is registered .
It is scarcely necessary to say that stability is a condition both for political contacts between governments and citizens , and for the effective functioning of trade flows and for the effective functioning of trade flows and commercial businesses .
This can not be the end of history .
Canada is a highly developed partner with similar views , which has strategic ties , covering far from trade and investment .
Instead , the rapporteur has examined the fundamental rules on the internal market aimed at supporting sustainable transport in Europe .
There is only one way to rescue the European Union , and it is to introduce even more now , transparency in the Swedish model and on the model of the United States ' information system for freedom of information .
Let us not open the door to our eastern partners .
Under some new proposals , part of this budget will be requested after 2013 to implement the Europe 2020 strategy 's objectives .
The report of UN experts underlines that a number of armed groups operating in the country is supported by a well-organised network which is partly in part of a network that is partly transferred to the European Union .
The European Union must pay serious attention to the crisis of fish stocks .
If farmers are queuing time and their efforts to compete with each other rather than compete with a strong retail sector , I know who will benefit from this .
The Information System for the internal market , used for services , has proved particularly helpful .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
It seems that this medicine has caused the death of <UNK> 000 people and causes thousands of other .
I voted in favour of this recommendation and this agreement should serve as an example for other negotiations currently underway .
However , no assistance can replace the commitment and actions of the government itself .
First , as has been said , the situation in general is very serious both in financial terms and in economic terms .
It is no coincidence that Greece , Spain , Spain and Portugal , has tried to join us and is not a coincidence that after the collapse of Communism , all the Central and Eastern European Union countries have opted for , and not another option .
In order to come back to the next step in this procedure , let me say that I consider tomorrow to be an important signal to all the stakeholders in this process , especially for the Council , as regards legislative procedure .
Will Member States no longer be able to define their own foreign policy ?
As I have just said , I believe that the lack of consistency and solidarity on the part of the Council on the world 's biggest asylum and immigration policy is a common one .
The protection and promotion of human rights on the Internet and the balance that needs to be struck between privacy and security , are particularly important , but these are not matters that must be resolved at EU level .
Mr President , having all the energy security , why is it not the fact that it is not valid then ?
Secondly , to take measures to simplify the accounting rules , particularly in agencies that are also in operation and cancellations .
I am not sure that they are eligible for the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
Most of the work will be carried out in the summer and by the end of 2009 , we will have to deal with this list .
It is necessary to improve the competition of the drugs markets and energy .
In the consultation process , we have learned some other things , perhaps not so positive things : unlike the cost of cars , the costs of average are actually increased in the past years .
We should ask ourselves why this is happening because it was certainly possible to put forward proposals on other matters .
According to reports from information agencies for years , it has claimed their victims and has been their <UNK> who subsequently sent to their 10 000 feet who then bought up to EUR 10 000 in front of the European cosmetics firms .
Otherwise , countries that have not relocated this sphere of business can distort the competition of the others .
This is not a request of the Socialist or of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , but our common desire .
I would like once again to thank you for the priorities you gave to tax savings on savings , and for your support for the Commission 's efforts to promote good governance in this tax area .
The common agricultural policy is no longer using the greatest part of the Community 's money .
The European Union lends the impression of a strong <UNK> structure , only with a economy and money .
We will continue to support the implementation of the recommendations of the 2008 observation mission .
Parliament is demanding a more realistic <UNK> of the principles agreed by the G20 in order to ensure that the caps of monetary part of the bank is strictly limited .
The area is still extremely high .
It is vital that we , in the European Union , take action more easily .
The report contains a wide range of elements covering the broad area of energy efficiency in a quite adequate way , although it contains routes that can test the successful achievement of the set goals outlined .
I also believe that it is time to start thinking about an international convention on the part of the region .
Protection should be the same .
If Turkey does not implement them by the end of this year , the VVD is of the opinion that accession negotiations should be frozen .
I welcome the success of the negotiations and compromises reached in the new framework agreement - the fifth interinstitutional agreement between Parliament and the Commission .
Can you make a clear clarification on this issue before Parliament ?
Let us not forget the important contribution of the creative sector not only to the development of information and communications technologies , but also to economic and social innovation .
On the one hand , additional amendments will be required in the context of the trialogues in the context of the trialogue .
This , in particular , concerns the most interesting messages .
I am somewhat affected by the reference to the EIB 's external actions , for which more financial and human resources are being asked for more financial and human resources .
I am sorry , but the start of the second question was not quite clear .
It seems to me that we in Parliament believe that we have reached the full aim of overall democracy .
The example of Portugal is particularly more specific .
Unfortunately , many often , many often , events that have happened to us have caused the rivers of political demands here in Parliament , which sometimes find themselves suspicious .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
The report calls on EU Member States to develop mechanisms to combat poverty , which has a negative image , so I voted in favour of this text .
His predecessor has already called on the UN Security Council to investigate crimes against humanity in Burma , as was done in Rwanda , Bosnia and Darfur .
Ladies and gentlemen , often , women are being <UNK> in the choice between professional and private life , especially on the issue of maternity leave , which ultimately prevent them from being healthy , individuals in terms of their physical and mental health .
If the European security must remain the <UNK> of our security , European countries must resume their political and military commitments .
I see that any European legislation concerning this issue will create a new basis .
However , with regard to what we can do , we must be careful , even when we talk about sanctions , because history shows that economic and trade sanctions often make the regimes stronger , and that , in fact , they make weaker people worse , and that , in fact , they make people weaker , and that the poorest .
If you are to answer , how do you propose to do so ?
I voted for the report on the proposal for a new regulation on this issue because I agree with the objectives of the changes that aim to introduce .
I am absolutely convinced that we must continue to make more involved in the European Union .
The High Representative has visited Syria , Lebanon and Turkey .
I agree with the calls to examine the possibility of reforming a strategy with international adoption , taking into account international conventions , given international conventions , but it should be emphasised that , as a matter of care for the protection of the child , it must be given priority to the adoption of a child of the child of the child of the child .
Unfortunately , a large proportion of the goods is produced in countries where there is no form of control over products .
Parliament demands high standards on our food producers .
Sadly , the European Police College , or CEPOL , has become known here in the European Parliament , due to the <UNK> in illegal and corrupt action of its former leadership .
The idea of alleviating national contributions in the Union budget was launched as a result of the democratic opposition in the face of a group of Member States who were ashamed of the reaction of public opinion .
Membership of Parliament : see Minutes
The attempts to link the strategic development of strategic cooperation between the EU and Turkey , which is an issue of urgency , with the negotiation process , which is slowing down for objective reasons , is also a cause of concern .
( RO ) In my opinion , Hugo Chávez has approved as many as possible the worst possible characteristics of the last century .
Support for authoritarian regimes , as history shows , is not respected .
Such regulations are also being applied to other European countries .
It is essential that the 27 governments fulfil the political will of the treaty , because , in its internal tendency , European institutions are actually the most expensive community .
Only one of the most emblematic areas in Bulgaria can produce the entire quota , for example , tomatoes , which is granted to Bulgaria by the European Commission .
There are opportunities .
That is what we can all agree , is it not ?
In particular , in the euro area and the practices of credit rating agencies have an adverse effect on the stability of the euro .
Lastly , the Committee on Regional Development believes that the ENPI must aim at a balanced strategy between the east and the south , with specific approaches to both areas .
We must therefore encourage dialogue between universities and business , adapt to the needs of the labour market and highlight the positions and practical experience that will enable them to find more work .
Unfortunately , the Irish have given its approval to the Lisbon Treaty , but at least given them the right to choose .
( FR ) Mr President , Mr Van Rompuy , Mr Barroso , I would like to share two points .
Nevertheless , the cancer of <UNK> can generally be eliminated by providing broad access to vaccines and <UNK> programmes .
Furthermore , there must be scope for decisions relating to institutions directly to the case if European law is not enforced correctly .
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
<UNK> .
However , this can be considered as a first step towards improving the current situation in terms of the social protection of self-employed workers and assisting spouses .
The procedural regulations on parliamentary privileges and <UNK> are therefore not applicable and have not been brought to its immunity in accordance with Parliament 's rules on institutional and legal issues .
We therefore have a chapter on labelling in our common fisheries policy .
The agreement was finally reached , finally , a consensus was made in the Council , which was not very easy .
Under the terms of this agreement , Opel Antwerp 's Antwerp factory assured that cars from the new model will be made available to cars from the new model .
I can say this : let us replace the policy of incentives and sanctions with regard to the regime with a policy of sanctions for the regime and incentives for society .
We must do everything that we can , but nothing can be done without them and , in this House , Mr President , we already have a number of excellent Roma refugees .
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to a straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance .
As a <UNK> of the serious consequences of world trade liberalisation , the resolution has made it necessary to continue the opening of the markets between the European Union and China , stresses efforts to speed up negotiations within the WTO and 'emphasises that the new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the EU and China should aim to establish free and fair trade ' .
In addition , I would like to emphasise the importance of including another priority , this for the European citizen .
The objective of the amendment that I am referring to is to ensure that the way in which we are dealing with natural handicaps is relevant , based on socially <UNK> environmental areas , and not local administrative units or the <UNK> level 2 , as is the case at the moment .
They were different geographical points and a huge number of ideologies and cultures , but they are opposed to the objective of combating the rights of equality and justice , for women 's participation in social and political life , for women 's rights to be respected in social and reproductive health .
Can the EU , in this situation , maintain strategic relations with a country that is so volatile and , especially as our <UNK> concessions , in trade and aid ?
Above all , the main line : while we are closely fulfilling our recovery plan to emerge from the economic and financial crisis , we must also look at the future as well .
It has been given a great deal of popularity to the people of the top posts , Herman Van Rompuy and Baroness Ashton .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , as I am speaking for the first time , I would like to congratulate you on the new Parliament , I would like to congratulate you on your election .
We believe that all the Member States of the European Union should take more stringent measures .
Among the different issues of the transposition of the directive , I would like to emphasise the fact that , in the legislation of certain Member States , Member States are not specifically discriminated against , discriminate against on grounds of gender .
in writing . - ( PT ) All the countries which still remember their participation in wars know the destructive consequences of cluster munitions .
Our role as the European Parliament is to provide a strong and decisive response on the part of democratic countries to actions of the Chinese authorities , such as a previous campaign on a firm line of conduct ' .
Parliament and the Union as a whole have the chance to be grateful to both of you .
The European Parliament 's posts are chosen at the top posts in the European Union ( President of the European Parliament and the President of the European Commission ) .
We must note progress in our actions to harmonise the global marketing market .
We awarded the Sakharov Prize of Memorial .
We believe that more effort should be made in this area .
Everyone has the right to freedom of religion , conscience and thought .
We are not denying that it is .
There is no call for the end of the occupation of Western Sahara from Morocco or the occupation of Palestine by Israel .
This is essential if we are to alter the integrity of the global financial system .
I believe that this directive will also provide more organs thanks to better cooperation and cross-border exchanges between the individual states and that it links Member States in a new , fundamental way .
It is an important tool against <UNK> .
In fact , to ensure that this derogation , which should contribute to the creation of jobs and wealth , is truly beneficial to the local population and will not help the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund and canning industry , it is important to provide an impact assessment of its impact as soon as possible , and its suspension , when necessary .
This decision helps to remove barriers to the free movement of those travelling within the European space .
Since the start of the crisis , we have shown our determination to take the necessary measures to maintain financial stability and promote recovery .
We have not achieved everything , but a large part of this is due to good cooperation between the Commission and the Council , the Council was very active , and between the groups in Parliament .
Iraq has chosen the road to democracy , and therefore the European Union and other countries must demand that international commitments are respected and , if necessary , help to ensure that international commitments are respected and freedoms are respected .
This report is based on incorrect data .
We therefore strongly defend our right today of scrutiny , because , in future , the Commission should build its plans on what it has set up to the one of its own data , not on the basis of its own data .
However , there are significant delays in fulfilling programmes .
We have presented the current proposals so as to send a clear message to the Council that we do not agree with pressure on Members of the European Parliament , as well as with the unanimous intention of excluding new procedures for involving the European Parliament in legislative debates .
For instance , on the minimum number of Member States , we should set out a clearer nature of the procedure established in the Treaty .
Agriculture must therefore be a central point in the Copenhagen debate , and I hope that the Council and the Commission will not forget this and will be our names in Copenhagen in December .
In the situation in which they are experiencing as a result of neo-liberal politics , supported by the European Union , one could feel obliged to vote against the pitiful amount of <UNK> who <UNK> their silence .
The initial directive has provided to the European Commission to implement measures , which actually meant that the adoption of the provision is permitted without the consent of this House or of my real Parliament in Westminster .
Industry also wants to produce and sell on the market more energy-efficient appliances .
For 11 years , Economic and Monetary Union ( EMU ) did not dare to see and acknowledge that competitiveness are competitive and that significant inequalities and imbalances between the economies of the euro area are incompatible with both the viability and the stability of the euro area .
We can do this in the General Block Exemption Regulation with regard to the conventional agreements and we will be able to do so with the specific regulation on tyres .
Mutual confidence between Member States , Schengen , is , in fact , the cornerstone of Schengen cooperation .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , the purchase and maintenance of car tyres is considered one of the most important costs of household families .
What will the Commission take on the policy that has been pursued by Turkey ?
This is not compatible with international standards on human rights as a whole , nor with women 's rights .
The comprehensive peace agreement signed in 2005 put an end to this war .
By proposing new rules for protecting , the report establishes a fair balance between the protection of investors ' rights and public authorities regulating .
The global economic crisis has hit us hard .
The repression against the Prime Minister of Kosovo , Mr <UNK> , also shows that war crimes can not be viewed .
The benefits of regular exercise can be <UNK> in four points : health , social , economic and political benefits .
In addition , consumption is expected to rise by 2030 , and the increase in imports will increase to imports .
This regulation is specifically focused on the current liquidity problems of the five counties of the five affected countries - Romania , Hungary and the three Baltic States - and aims , as has already been said , to speed up the absorption of the funds as a result of increased flexibility .
The Danube region , and the Danube Delta , and especially the Danube Delta , includes a number of special protected areas and territories with a special protection regime within the Natura 2000 , which represents only one in its ecosystem .
Documents received : see Minutes
The energy issue has already provided a different aspect .
After a few minutes , we will start the discussion on energy strategy .
We want to define the European Union 's political priorities for the 21st century .
I would like to mention to all of you that , when you take a very fast rate , the interpreters are concerned to keep a link with you .
The purpose of the creation of a special committee on the financial , economic and social crisis was to identify the factors that led to the crisis , highlighting what the EU has not been faced with , because of which the crisis was untenable , and to prepare further measures to avoid such situations , reviving the economy and the definitive overcoming the crisis situations that still exist in some Member States .
It is ready to show a beneficial result of those who pay for themselves .
At the same time , we are contributing to these programmes being made available on the basis of the need for them and to implement them in time as a guarantee that the funds are spent effectively in line with the objective of ensuring that Community funds are spent effectively .
It is time for boldness .
I am increasingly wondering , Mr Tajani , who should be responsible for ensuring that something really happens .
I must make it clear , however , that the Commission will not be able to settle all the countries that have been kidnapped as wilderness areas .
Now I wish to say a few words about the application of the new rules .
It is an organisation that is extremely courageously defending human rights in Belarus .
Unfortunately , openness in the Arctic is increasingly limited to the countries which have access to the North African Maritime Organisation .
We rely on you not only to be able to send out the voice of the large states , but also to protect the entire European Union and the entire international market .
This responsibility also found out in the responses that the Commissioner has made and assessed in various meetings for evaluation organised February and June 2011 .
Turkey must be condemned for its crimes on EU territory .
It was clear then that the enlargement will have to continue and involve several other countries from the region .
I would therefore simply like to ask the Commission : now that we have a modified simplifications , as announced , as announced , I hope Parliament will have a greater role in the debate and planning of these new initiatives .
Colleagues , let us not delude ourselves that the Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Cypriots have no fault in what has happened in Greece .
Unfortunately , in these circumstances , I must ask the Commission to show equal treatment for all and to focus our attention beyond our borders , to some cases , in other Member States , where , in reality , there are much greater damage to natural resources .
Action taken on Parliament 's resolutions : see Minutes
The main pieces of asylum law directives are the Dublin ' regulation establishing criteria and setting out the Member State responsible for examining a request for international protection , the Reception Directive setting up minimum standards on reception , the Reception Directive , the Professional Directive , which covers the minimum standards for this when a third-country nationals should be defined as a <UNK> of international protection and the Directive on the minimum standards in the Member States of the Member States .
Indeed , 30 % of the energy consumed by the EU is a nuclear source ; there are countries where internal production is 80 % such as France and countries where there are nuclear plants such as Portugal and Austria .
After the outcome of the Irish referendum , we all hope that many will wait very soon and the ratification by the Czechs .
Both my fellow Members and I wanted to make sure that this resolution reaffirms this fact in a spirit and in the context of the EU 's interaction with the countries of the area .
It is clear that the ideas of the <UNK> of Europe in the Left that are clearly a <UNK> position will be accepted .
It is enough .
There is a good balance between security and citizens ' rights .
This assistance must be provided without conditions or limits .
We must be open to everything that is needed to the face of the crisis , which will have a particular effect on social issues .
This can also be done by ensuring better access to broadband Internet services for farmers .
I believe that this is only fair , because we need to have fair trials in place so that we can build trust in our citizens ' judicial system , as well as - and this is crucial - to ensure mutual trust in the systems of judges and prosecutors in neighbouring countries , which can not be achieved unless we have a satisfactory level of rights .
Ethiopia has suffered a tragedy in the last few years .
This shows that Europe still lacks self-respect in the eyes of Russia 's ideology .
With regard to trade , the high-level group is examining ways of integrating economic relations , considering all interest issues for both parties .
I welcome the motion laid down in our resolution for the alignment of cooperation between EU Member States in tax matters .
As shadow rapporteur , on behalf of the ECR Group , on behalf of the European Conservatives and Reformists Group , I have emphasised , even if the report was at the stage , the importance of promoting SOLVIT among European Union citizens , especially the opportunity for citizens , and , in particular , businesses to assert their rights .
I therefore believe it is right and necessary to take a joint commitment to achieve better results in healthcare and achieve the objectives for development , relating to the agreed objective of development agreed at international level .
I must say that I am very concerned that the Council is so hard against our proposal for EUR 150 million for the period - a bad and <UNK> approach in these difficult times !
In these cases , legal bases have changed , as well as the procedures associated with them , which are quite justified .
I would first of all like to thank you for the European Social Charter .
With regard to the monitoring of external borders , a joint operation could be organised between Frontex .
Mr President , Amendment 1 of the regulation on housing offers that the European Regional Development Fund should be extended to all Member States , not just to those who joined in 2004 .
This is already enough to bring this volcanic eruption to an end , so that we can work without the poor financial accountability and mistrust of society becoming a cause for volcanic eruption .
I have experienced blackmail by Greece 's <UNK> , which the Hungarian Presidency has courageously embarked on , preventing the EU and the Council from acting .
This also provides good money for the industry , because their traffic is increasing continually .
I would like to emphasise that the high quality of law should be a priority for Parliament .
It is therefore a bit surprising that we have such great ideological differences on whether it is really reasonable to take money and spend so much money , which is actually happening in many countries in recent years .
The European Union must have a more transparent and efficient way of financing its policy , and I am ready - I hope with the support of Parliament - to fight this battle against Member States , while the Union 's budget has restored .
The economic and financial crisis is leading to an increase in the deficits globally , which , in turn , is increasing the importance of resources allocated to the public budget .
Why was it necessary to improve this directive ?
Therefore , for all these practical reasons , we are calling on you , Commissioner , to ask you , Commissioner , if possible in the course of the debate this evening , to go further in the proposals and promises , not by making a joint promises , but by committing yourself to a plan of action - your plan for action - so that our fellow countrymen are more so as to vote on 7 June .
As a result , the two states will be involved in strengthening controls on land and land borders , compared to maritime ports .
However , let us ask the following question : what will happen if we repatriate these immigrants in Europe ?
So , this is evidence that we can achieve an agreement , and that this new procedure of Lisbon can be successful .
Good luck !
In this regard , I must say that you have a refusal and this Council to allow the European Parliament to be involved in creating macroeconomic indicators through delegated acts , it seems right to me to have a proper approach .
At the same time , the system is based on the assumption that air traffic will increase , yet I am voting for this report , as it contains its positive points of criticism , as it contains its negative parties that lie ahead of negative .
I will vote for the joint resolution precisely for this reason , because it is critical of defending democracy in general and because it is not formulated in order to eliminate the damage of the damaged , in my opinion , a regime of Hugo Chávez .
In my opinion , therefore , the Commission should analyse the establishment of an effective monitoring system , strengthen the methods of inspection and tighten up the minimum standard of safety within the European Union .
The European Parliament should regularly obtain information on the current state of the implementation of these systems .
So these costs are quite significant .
The most energy-efficient CO2 in the ozone layer is <UNK> so as not to waste .
The Treaty of Lisbon remains remains restrictive and the new interinstitutional agreement in the form of a Multiannual Financial Framework and the new interinstitutional agreement .
Therefore , innovative and professional policy measures , such as promoting the use of green vehicles or developing programmes for the planning of the route , play an increasingly important role .
The biggest challenge facing small and medium-sized enterprises is to provide a capital and funding .
In this sense , there is a crisis in the financial and economic crisis .
Media law in Hungary ( debate )
Commissioner , our climate and energy package must be combined with realistic financing and we expect the summit in March - after six weeks - our 27 leaders and governments to show leadership and not to turn the backs on us , the citizens of the EU and the communities in the world who are more vulnerable and more vulnerable to climate change .
The current European Union is currently carrying out a halt to food production , which could significantly improve the situation and really would be a real measure for combating hunger .
All the participants must therefore take responsibility and ensure that illegal timber is not sold in the EU .
Also , the numbers of lorries living in Gaza have increased since the start of hostilities .
The adoption of a company that has been facilitated , <UNK> and Internet services , <UNK> employees to not conclude contracts with Romanian citizens .
This factor must not be ignored , as it directly concerns the stability of Eastern Europe and security of Europe .
It will be true if we say that the SOLVIT SOLVIT system was one of those events in 2002 , as a united continent , which did not draw attention , but over the course of the time , have led to unexpected results .
This may be something like a European Union of a strong currency in a fundamental Europe , in which national economies do not meet the convergence criteria , would be <UNK> by the euro area .
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
It is time to consider the possible measures that we will have to take in the coming days and years .
We must shape our flag of the <UNK> global carbon market .
One need to point out as an example as an example of Robert Schuman , which was from <UNK> and which managed to become more <UNK> in the European Union 50 years ago .
All the <UNK> for the <UNK> army .
This problem will <UNK> up again within a year .
I agree with all the parliamentarians who have highlighted the issue of prison conditions in Europe .
I believe that Europe can lay down the circumstances in these countries .
The European Parliament ignores the legitimacy of a national parliament , the timely vote without criticism .
What feedback does the Commission get about the attitude to passengers and what guarantees can it give that airlines comply with the legislation ?
I think that the motion for a resolution is a very balanced text , as it deals with all the issues that have been raised , and I therefore voted for it .
I believe this is a timely one , and the recent crisis in the dairy sector , which has damaged so many agricultural producers in the European Union , is certainly a sign of serious volatility that could affect our markets in agricultural commodities .
So , as we talk about the situation in countries outside the EU and freedom of Christians , I would like to remind the House that we first need to put our house in order .
However , the European Commission must present an impact assessment of the impact of the agreement to 2020 , as well as of the aid programme , with possible recommendations for its continuation and providing additional financial assistance .
In other words , Portugal is currently being willing to enter international agreements to accelerate judicial cooperation , including in matters concerning divorce and destruction of marriage , as it considers that the Community is partly in these areas .
This governance goes far beyond the introduction of order and victims , which go hand in hand with this .
And , and a tool to choose , Mr Barroso , I expect you to hear a sentence from you .
Without it , Bulgaria and Romania will continue to feel excluded and discriminated against .
Finally , we are offering our complete support for the democratic transition process .
So , by looking forward to new meetings in September , and we hope that the Commission will adopt Parliament 's views seriously .
It is positive that the Commission will also present a proposal on the issue of own resources in spring 2011 .
Climate change is threatening to destroy the locations of this species , and also , moreover , it is growing trade in polar bears parts of polar bears .
Last but not least , I would like to emphasise that older women are still victims of various forms of discrimination in terms of gender and age .
I would remind you that a nuclear energy figure is 7 .
( DE ) Mr President , I am obliged to you for giving me the floor .
At the same time , we should not forget a number of important points when we are taking our response to this strategy .
Monetary union would always have been hard without significant steps towards economic union , and I think that , as a consequence , the UK would never join the euro area .
However , we also take many promises on the international arena to reduce CO2 emissions - more specifically with 80-95 % by 2050 ; we also promised in Nagoya to abolish harmful subsidies to the environment by 2020 ; in the negotiating context of the WTO , we are also focusing on how to eliminate the accessibility that is due to the subsidies that are due to the fisheries subsidies for fisheries .
I am pleased that the text before us recognises the efforts of the European Union 's <UNK> that conclude agreements with the European Union .
Could I ask a few questions , because we need a few moments in these emotional moments , and clear information .
The report highlights some of the problems relating to nuclear energy and decommissioning of nuclear reactors , and I voted in favour of it .
From this point of view , the Eastern Partnership is vital , as it can ensure a differentiation , but still clearly establishes close relations with these countries .
There are a number of policy areas like budgetary policy , a policy of justice , internal affairs , but I find my most important foreign policy .
I voted in favour of this proposal for a regulation , precisely because ensuring clear and reliable information through the use of the CE mark on the market for construction products on the market , the market which can provide protection for small and medium-sized enterprises .
Mexico acts within our strategic partnership agreement , and therefore already has results , which give us the opportunity to assess whether it is progressing well - as we are doing .
This proposal is well-balanced and calls for a wide range of instruments intended to deter people from a violation of the rules that cover issues such as individual responsibility , transparency and accountability of companies , the right to protection and fair trials , I am convinced that the proposal does not go so far as in the United States , where the level of fines has caused excessive damage and the loss of jobs .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on the recent earthquake in Haiti .
I must add that under accession , I am going to have my own part .
It is therefore necessary to bring about a radical change in immigration policy so that people living from economic emigration can stay at home , with international aid being able to be able to be made so that these countries can become political and stable .
Now it is time to shift our opinion from Ireland to the Czech Republic .
( DE ) Mr President , Mrs Malmström , Baroness Ashton , ladies and gentlemen , I am a member of the Delegation for Relations with the Transatlantic Legislative Council , in other words , the Palestinian Parliament .
The vote on the two reports will take place at noon today , 8 March .
( PT ) Mr President , it is unacceptable in the current serious economic crisis in the euro area - the result of neo-liberal policy and of economic and social cohesion - not to support inequalities and economic cohesion - to support the break with the current policy of the European Union in terms of its financial resources .
I therefore think that we should call on the Commission to carry out an impact assessment .
I hope that the Council will demonstrate sufficient flexibility so that the legislation can be adopted prior to the start of the next season that can develop bluetongue .
This resolution reaffirms the need for a release of a sum , a greater than that already paid to Kyrgyzstan , specifically in order to respond to the unanimous call for the United Nations , which is intended to collect USD 71 million needed to help .
Other important topics are the marketing of pesticides in this area , research into this area , as well as all the steps taken to reduce the impact of pesticides on health and the environment , while also preserving their efficiency .
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( vote )
In order to negotiate the agreement and function properly , the European Union must start by setting its own interests properly .
We must support the Chinese people in solving their problems .
You could at least say this public .
The Commission is promoting the shift from the <UNK> care to carers and works closely with the Member States , and particularly with the authorities of the European Social Fund and the European Regional Development Fund and the European Regional Development Fund and the non-governmental organisations in this area .
I hope that once all the 26 elected Parliament have decided , people from the executive will not retain their democratic process , allowing them to have signed their signature .
Given the importance of this Parliament , this is also a necessary step in the new Treaty of Lisbon , it is also a necessary step .
In July 2007 , public consultations was opened publicly by the European Charter on Consumer Rights ' .
In addition to the fact that a one-off disaster for millions of people , a failure would mark hanging in the international community 's efforts and capabilities to conduct joint action in the field of humanitarian aid .
Around 80 % of the energy generated in the European Union is generated by fossil fuels .
In conjunction with the so-called 'economic governance ' , this is an attack on Member States that are in a more differentiated position than an economic and social point of view , and would , in reality , constitute a condemnation of these countries of economic dependence and backwardness .
I am aware of the concerns expressed by some of you , on the introduction of a compulsory rule of law , or minor response to the fight against copyright infringements and Internet piracy .
We are pleased that , in the programme of the Trio Presidency , a great focus is placed on the tracking of the Beijing 's objectives , on the one hand , on the traceability of the Beijing objectives , and on the other , it states that a comparable approach to preventing and combating poverty affecting women and children .
What I am trying to say is this : the overlapping of competences is one thing , and cooperation is something else , especially cooperation , necessary to improve things in Europe .
That is something that we need to make sure that it is spreading throughout the European Union .
The decision of the Conference of Presidents on 17 September 2009 on the use of a special committee to produce a structured analysis and to prepare proposals for appropriate measures to prepare sustainable , knowledge-based on financial markets , deserves support .
The population of the island is struggling with a cholera epidemic , <UNK> 10 months after the earthquake , and international observers call into question the legality of the presidential and parliamentary elections .
Otherwise , how will we maintain competitiveness in the EU if we eliminate one of the best instruments for their promotion , and what solution will we find if we are going to harmonise taxes without the consent of all the Member States ?
I must draw your attention to the fact that some Member States , including the Czech Republic , have been late by transposing the directives into their national law directives .
It is absolutely crucial that we comply with the Treaty of Lisbon as it states in Article 5 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU ) that the Member States are required - not that it is better or desirable - coordinate their economic policies and employment policies , in terms of coordinating and social policies .
The prerequisites for responsibility lies is vital in the reconciliation process .
First , too quickly elimination of the Community system of preferences may have serious consequences for certain ACP countries , the Caribbean and the Pacific ( ACP ) countries , which are still exporting bananas .
However , as you know , this is not mandatory in accordance with the directive .
Of course , more money could also have been earmarked for the dairy sector , as suggested by representatives of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats , but it is good that at least part of the money in this draft budget was earmarked for this purpose .
I thought that these elections will be more democratic than the previous ones .
After 15 years , it will reach 34 % .
It is not , and for example , the right to water is popular by widely murdered and extreme , and religious movements and people .
I voted 'for ' recommendation on the energy performance of buildings , because it promotes the objective of achieving approximately zero energy consumption for buildings .
Indeed , we believe that in the foreseeable future this approach will lead to specific measures .
The feminisation of corruption must not be paid by innocent who live with <UNK> and who are threatened with tuberculosis and malaria .
I also welcome the call for extending to funding , because in current economic circumstances , access to funding is crucial to the survival , not to mention small businesses .
We need financial stability .
The proposed amendment proposed by the ECR Group , which I did not support , was rejected .
( PT ) The reformed Lisbon Strategy is one of the main tools of the European Union to promote financial deregulation , the liberalisation of public services , the liberalisation of the markets and world trade , deregulating labour markets and the violation of workers ' rights .
The work that has to be done in this regard has taken a number of years and has been very successful .
We will point out our common intention to counter protectionism at national and international level .
( GA ) The volcanic ash does not recognise any political and physical borders once again , this disaster reminded us of the disastrous force of the nature of nature of nature .
Experience from the implementation of the system , recommendations from experts and concerns that have rightly been expressed by the institutions and by the organisations that are in force can help to resolve certain problems .
We will have to continue protecting Internet users and , above all , to define them better .
( BG ) Thank you , Mr President .
The intention of Estonia to accept the single currency , despite the crisis that has abandoned its mark and on it .
In this context , we must also not disregard the fact that the system that must allow the social security of countries in the European Union to reimburse the costs of each other , does not work , and that over the years , there has been accumulated debt in millions of euro .
The negotiation and conclusion of fisheries partnership agreements responds to the EU 's overall objective of maintaining and preserving fishing activities in its vessels .
I believe that we should be vigilant and prepared for any emergency that could happen in Europe .
On the contrary , today , we have a public recognition of the <UNK> who was arrested at the time of his conscience , who was not a supporter of his nationalism , who was then shot to admit that he had 10 Greek Cypriot Greek Cypriot Greek troops .
What Europe needs today is to be united and to take strong action , not further divisions .
The referendum itself is an example of its success , albeit of its undeniable nature .
Such improvements can only be made with EU aid , in terms of both the finances and expertise , and they must be available to everyone in the light of safety , and they must be available to all , in order to protect patients .
We will also be bringing food security to the regional dimension .
However , we must ensure that these proposals are more than the most optimistic political points and take action to implement them as soon as possible .
We will try to reconcile the need to be more pluralist and the rights of Members to honour their duties and vote .
This is completely unclear when science should intervene when the science should be announced , when measures should be made on disease control when it should be taken .
Unfortunately , in the field of external relations , the country currently holding the Presidency can not embark a programme on external affairs or security , and therefore , honourable Members , do not have any choice but support , honourable Members , who start with very difficulties .
I would therefore call on both the Commission and the Council to ensure that the TEC meets all the necessary support , because it is not given a simple support to it , because it is not given a good one .
( PL ) Madam President , the two <UNK> to the European Union have caused a significant escalation in the Community 's regional asymmetries .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , the European Parliament has made a significant contribution to the conclusion of these agreements and , therefore , it is why it should be given full and simple information on all events connected to PNR data .
One final point : in paragraph 12 , where there is talk of the <UNK> section of Macedonia , the text should read the <UNK> impasse ' .
( DE ) Mr President , Baroness Ashton , ladies and gentlemen , we need a common foreign policy , but let us use it to achieve a world without nuclear weapons .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the subject of agricultural produce is crucial in terms of providing information to purchaser and consumer characteristics for the characteristics of products and in terms of ensuring that the purchase of products from the European Union is synonymous with the high quality of product , inspired by the different regional traditions within the Union .
We have been able to reach broad agreement and I would like to thank you here , the President of the ECOFIN , who has had a direct and substantial contribution , particularly through the active participation of the Minister in the key trialogues , and also Commissioner Barnier , whose work has been particularly useful .
I believe that the proper disposal of waste electrical and electronic waste ( <UNK> ) is extremely important .
The financial crisis and debt crisis have revealed the shortcomings in the functioning and control of the financial sector .
The funds are also crucial to the funding of initiatives aimed at developing Europe for post-crisis post-crisis post-crisis post-crisis post-crisis , activities for Europeans .
However , in addition to the provision of approval of transitional provisions , we need to resume a proposal and the subsequent approval of the regulation , including the Multiannual Financial Framework Regulation of the European Union and the Financial Regulation .
This is the key to the European climate policy and its objectives in Copenhagen .
If the war really does indeed soon , it is essential that Sri Lanka is now focusing on the most pragmatic disarmament , <UNK> and reintegration .
I supported this report on the European youth strategy as I think it will prove vital to include young people in full-time employment in the coming years .
This law actually deals with the use of these languages only as an opportunity and sees this option only in a negative way , and not as a positive right , such as it fails to consider it as a right , which can be accommodated and enforced in everyday lives .
Consequently , during the current economic crisis it is vital to use EU funding to maintain EU support programme to preserve the most deprived persons in the European Union ' programme .
I hope that this will not happen in the future in healthcare services .
He was searched , but his services and lawyers said that something like that could not happen .
This proposal provides for savings of scale in terms of the magnitude of financial , human and technical resources .
This cooperation between the Commission and civil society is growing , covering a wide range of issues of political dialogue to the management of projects , both within and within the European Union , the partners have increased the beds of the project .
We must therefore avoid any direct , <UNK> roads in our attempts to reach our renewable energy targets .
To date , significant progress has been made in terms of technical preparation for the proposal for the CCCTB .
We have just passed since 2008 as the European Year of Dialogue , and I think that this dialogue has just begun .
However , this tool has arisen because you have made personal efforts , partly in the face of the opposition by the German Government and your partners - the Christian Union in Germany - to ensure that this happens .
However , this measure is not sufficient - we need a culture of nuclear safety .
The next question I would like to mention is the access and sharing of the benefits .
I would like to call on the commissioners and Commissioner to present information to the European Parliament on the progress of the negotiations and the results of this group .
We have been Members and instead of being locked up in the advisers .
This will create a fairer system of the 'polluter pays ' principle , with guarantees provided that will provide a transparent market and prevent discrimination .
What happened to Hungary , as it was necessary to make available , it was the country 's provision of additional help of EUR 20 billion , which did not happen with the other economies .
We are on the first day that I believe is important .
In relation to tuna , we have a flagrant example of elimination of the rules of origin , without taking into account the conditions in agreements with the New Guinea and Fiji , which is in favour of our main competitors , Thailand and the Philippines .
This report is focused on prevention and the correction of macroeconomic imbalances and recommends strengthening supervision .
Many of the businesses are in a more serious situation , as they receive less than 40 per hectare , while their production costs are at least at 40 per cent of a litre of money .
Against the background of the situation in the region and work of the region , positive reflection should be evaluated .
The aim of the Europe 2020 strategy must be to launch a broad European initiative on employment , which , for example , boosts schemes , has been strengthened , especially through the <UNK> , through the Mobile advice , intensive training or retraining and skills of workers , internships , employment and workers who are also in favour of a self-employed job of self-employed workers and businesses .
Of course , the Tribunal will not be able to continue working indefinitely .
This is because we are not talking about the benefits of moving to a world after carbon - the millions of jobs in green energy - better <UNK> houses , better <UNK> houses , the <UNK> public transport .
I also welcome the principle that the European Parliament should have a common system of air miles in order to make it possible for cheaper travel .
In fact , this will even make it even worse for environmental protection .
I agree with the rapporteur that members of the Committee of the Regions should declare their financial interests , revealing the relevant professional professional activities , with reference to professional professional professional professional activities being made .
Extending the length of maternity leave to 20 weeks in full , full of the full pay gap is a <UNK> friend .
Dates of forthcoming sittings : see Minutes
This way was blocked a year ago , and it is also true for this to bring together members of your political group , among others .
After all , the most striking ideas are making social change .
I would also like to mention the schedule of maturity .
In order to improve health care systems in sub-Saharan Africa and worldwide , it is vital that the European Union works in a coherent manner with the rest of the international community .
It is right that those in Portugal , such as the Portuguese Communist Party , who , when approving this Treaty , have committed a referendum and a broad national discussion on its extremely serious consequences for Portugal , Europe , the world and peace in general .
We are faced with the challenge of making the European economy the most competitive in the world and , in my opinion , it is unacceptable to create a burden that will lead to the withdrawal of capital from Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am voting for the motion for a resolution on the situation in the Horn of Africa .
It can not have a reduction in workers .
Finally , we must not forget the necessary support for the development of civil society as a guarantor of democracy , which must not only be adhered to as a guarantor of procedures , but also to truly inclusive procedures .
in writing . - ( PL ) Up till now , in various legislative periods , countless resolutions have been presented to the European Parliament on climate change .
For instance , we are talking about taxing financial sector taxation .
Colleagues , your friends in the left will certainly call , when I conclude , for a more social Europe and for greater protection .
The activities identified by the network are a very useful foundation for the work of the Commission .
However , I would like to emphasise clearly that the Treaty of Lisbon has entered into force , and this reinforces the role of the European Parliament .
At the same meeting of the Council ministers agreed that employment is an important factor in avoiding social exclusion .
In fact , the Hungarian Prime Minister , Mr <UNK> , rather <UNK> <UNK> the idea of European solidarity .
We are obliged to prevent money or state aid in one Member State , which is a result of job losses in other areas of the EU .
I would like to remind honourable Members that , in almost all the agreements on trade and cooperation that we have concluded since 1995 , a human rights clause and one exists in agreements with the already unrealistic countries .
The Commission has put forward measures that we believe that urgent , in our remarks on energy to 2020 and energy infrastructure .
The delay is over a year and a half year .
Now we can see what the outcome is .
We can protect our high moral roots and prevent our moral fabric and lifestyles from our public fabric and a way of life , only if we are faithful to the values of democracy and rule of law .
We should not disregard the fact that a significant proportion of the resources that we are demanding to these countries , such as public development aid , is ultimately returning to countries of origin in the form of purchases of goods and services .
It can not be denied that Italy has shown leadership and commitment .
I abstained on this report because it calls on the European Social Fund to be reformed and strengthened , but it places it in the service of the EU 2020 strategy .
On 30 January 2009 , the Commission adopted a proposal for a new regulation on textile fibre names and related labelling of textile products .
With regard to the last question , I should ask you to please keep you informed , because I can not give you a reply .
I would like to draw attention here to the need to support the ongoing dialogue at regional level as an important element in the European integration process .
As such events are occurring regularly , there is a need to carry out an analysis of the causes and to find solutions to prevent them from recurring .
It is simply because waste collection of waste of every two weeks is a direct consequence of the EU directive on the landfill of waste , which was supported in this House by the British Social Democratic Party and the Conservatives .
That is a level of level .
Be that vote on the first reading , this is an important outcome , which has become a possible outcome in many months , with fellow Members from other national delegations and other political groups .
Why ?
However , from another point of view , the problems are linked to productivity .
The importance of the stabilisation and association process for Serbia and support for the pro-European Government is certainly indisputable .
I would like to make two or three points .
The Chinese journalists are applying a system of <UNK> that requires them to take a view of government .
I believe that the adoption of this report will be a significant step forward towards a new partnership agreement between the European Union and Russia .
( RO ) The Microfinance Facility for Employment and Social Inclusion and should support the implementation of simplified procedures , so that the people affected by the crisis can benefit from the most effective way .
This is the first of our priorities .
( LT ) Mr President , this discussion is very important , but very instructive , I think .
Why are we comparing the problems caused by poor , not the one of the rich ones ?
I voted against a motion for a resolution tabled for a resolution tabled for EP vote today on the same account , for the reason that the Greens did not support Barroso II : because of the absence of ambition .
( CS ) Madam President , Austria voted against a nuclear power station in <UNK> just to rid itself of a <UNK> prison ' , which created a unique rail plant built on the European <UNK> power station .
Finally , I would like to say that the ΕΜΑS and the Ecolabel are exceptional initiatives .
Together with the UN , the EU must act decisively and proactively in these cases , in order to prevent violations of international law with such serious consequences .
These people need more healthy things , such as food , water and medical care , and also need technical assistance .
If you dream your re-election , Mr Barroso , and <UNK> account for only 79 % of time , there is no doubt that you will be at a moment .
The Council encourages Croatia to continue with the efforts to resolve all outstanding issues , and especially border disputes .
The basis for such an open dialogue is the most urgent interest we have in developing our relations , our most important interest in world peace and stability .
Globalisation can be all-powerful and not weaken .
We therefore need to strive for a breakthrough .
In addition , it calls on the Commission to speed up the import of genetically modified foods , which I completely disagree .
Only as Mr Barnier said , confidence is the most important thing .
All Heads of State or Government agreed to this need and the fact that it requires a limited amendment to the Treaty .
It should reflect the realities of the current cooperation with Russia .
( ET ) Mr President , I , too , voted in favour of this report , as it introduces the same quality and mandatory requirements as regards quality and human organs used in transplantation in all Member States , and thus ensuring the protection of donors and recipients , while also simultaneously protecting cooperation between Member States .
The second argument , however , concerns the situation of the people of Afghanistan .
This entails the involvement of Parliament .
I would like to ask the Commissioner what she thinks it would be in the future on this .
We must also ensure information and debate and discussion .
This underlines in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
For instance , there are more than 200 000 <UNK> in Latvia , which can not even receive secondary school in the mother tongue .
In future , Member States will have to ensure the accuracy of epidemiological statistical data in order to achieve quality results .
It is extremely important finally that violence against women is not only a crime against women or a social unit of the family , but also understand the accompanying costs that are borne by society as is happening more and more often more frequently .
Subject : Creating a European body for assessing creditworthiness
I just wanted to make a conclusion to know this when I come to the corresponding seat when I voted on the corresponding seat .
These products reach the market of these countries and should be subject to market laws in them .
I would like to propose , in this case , the clear message of the European Parliament from April 2009 : we need a clear and convincing message that the EU really is concerned with the life of 34 members of the Iranian opposition , and there will no longer be a priori against their freedoms and dignity .
Half , it is nice party , it is argued that they are <UNK> , as it means , as elsewhere , the smaller majority , the party , are radically <UNK> .
On behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance , I welcome the fact that the Union is investing heavily in improving the older communities , but it should not stop now , when we manage so well .
Information programmes that are available on the Internet should be brought to consumers and in an easier way to guide stakeholders to document relevant to documents .
It is clear that democracy in Ukraine continues the process of consolidation .
On the other hand , the group mentioned and the division of a portfolio and the name of the day is important to me , as a lawyer , and as a chairman of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , and which relates to the General Assembly of the General Assembly for Justice and Fundamental Affairs and Fundamental Affairs , and which is related to issues of security and fundamental rights defined for security .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , today 's economic crisis is a crisis of speculators and the redundant drain .
One of the most important steps is that banks start to start up as quickly as possible and as possible and as small and medium-sized enterprises as possible .
It is not enough to say that this is a problem for the motor industry and we have held so many meetings and discussions .
I will take this time to some of my fellow Members who have come to a late delay and are currently taking their seats to show their gratitude to those services , thanks to which our intergroups have not been aborted .
We will do this for 50 % of our population , 50 % of our citizens and we will achieve success .
The economic crisis and the cutting of budgetary and human resources has led to the closure of many schools , particularly in rural areas .
Today , we are told that more producers should be forced to relinquish and that money that will be recovered - that is mentioned in the text - will be used to the manufacturers that have been broken down .
This will also reduce environmental damage .
I believe that more stringent capital requirements are required for financial institutions in full and efficiently .
These are two aspects that we in the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) consider to be correct .
Following the discussions between the two parties , which were <UNK> with suspicion , mistrust and a controversial statement , and the intervention of the European Presidency and the Commission seems to have been found as a solution .
However , because of its own area , the so-called Macedonia , Greece is opposed to the use of the name of the name Republic of Macedonia , insisting instead instead instead instead of using the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia or FYROM .
Mr President , I am very pleased to take the opportunity to welcome the excellent reports of the three rapporteurs and indeed to thank all Members of this House - not only from the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , but also from many other committees , the committees presented here who have joined us in this great deal with us in this great endeavour .
Agreement between the EC and the United Kingdom of the European Union and the United Kingdom of the Regions (
This has caused damage amounting to more than EUR 80 million and affected farmers who have lost their <UNK> and remained without the means of continuing production in the coming months .
It is one of the weakest links in the Commission , and has never been aware that it really knows that it is really aware of external affairs .
The terrible events in Alexandria are a reminder of the fact that the European Parliament called on a year ago to ensure that the government of Egypt ensures that Christian Christians and members of other religious communities and minorities , including the right to exercise all human rights and fundamental freedoms - including the right to choose to choose and not discriminating against such groups .
( FR ) Madam President , too few , too , very late , inadequate coordination , a lack of solidarity , a reduced amount of solidarity , which is the real reactions of the European Union 's recovery plan and the Commission 's proposals at this stage .
This change of the <UNK> of the <UNK> Constitution , which talks about actions of those who have not been admitted to a real policy .
Thank you , thank you and for being a short time .
I would also like to thank you , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , for your constructive and necessary support , which once again has once again been said for the SEPA project and which is in line with the European Commission 's commitments .
In the autumn of 2008 , my family and I was in London for reasons connected to travel , and I was a direct witness to the start of the British pound of 30 % over a few weeks .
The Treaty of Lisbon endorses the role of social partners and promotes social dialogue between trade unions and employees at European level .
The majority of the FAO 's special panel of FAO experts believe that the available EU-Morocco Group considers that the Atlantic bluefin tuna should be included in Appendix I to CITES CITES convention and , moreover , declared that its listing in the list will guarantee that the investigation of the recent largest sea in the Danube and the Mediterranean Sea .
I fully agree with her how it should work towards the indication of country of origin .
This report is another step forward in the light of inviting the European Council , the Commission and the Member States take action on homelessness .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
I would like to remind you that we have no common legal authority on any subject .
This is not merely a technical procedure .
( DA ) Mr President , for some reason , you have prepared the communication from the Commission on the Arctic , in my head , you referred to the <UNK> <UNK> , with the <UNK> <UNK> , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
The Czech Republic produces an overview of its election of the European Council to Parliament , to a different role as it has been taken to the role of this role .
I know that it is not easy to achieve a result that will , in future , support cross-border healthcare services , taking into account , firstly , differences in social security systems for the Member States , secondly , the different levels of economic development of Member States , and , thirdly , the different level of healthcare provided for in each Member State .
We also need to question the effectiveness of the measures implemented and to establish how they could improve in order to achieve truly its truly objectives , which will enable socio-economic integration and achieving full European citizenship for the Roma .
Finally , in a period that private insurance companies do not offer compensation for forest releases , it is obligatory , given the lack of activity in this regard to the private sector , to consider developing a collective structure that <UNK> forests against storms and fires .
We will certainly consider the experience of experience and the lessons to be learnt from the nuclear accident and we will need to carry out stress tests , and we will need to conduct a stress test , Commissioner , that we will do this at European level - because the borders are of such incidents .
We also need to make the greater possible use of the situation in Libya 's situation of humanitarian crisis does not stand up for the severity of the humanitarian crisis in Côte d'Ivoire .
I welcome the motion for a resolution on international adoption , which we have voted on today .
It has my voice and also the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
As a citizen of a country which has recently experienced a and tested regime , and freedom of speech , I can not fail to deny the cause of this woman , who is not enthusiastic for the cause of this woman , and I am sure that this subject will be taken into account .
The most of which , most of which , I am afraid , are not made up within the EU , indicates that if children get support , they are helping them later in life : reduces crime , improve their health and increasing unemployment , we are all in favour of .
in writing . - ( IT ) I supported today by a very large majority a resolution ( <UNK> votes 'yes ' , 80 votes against and 33 abstentions ) , the French delegation of the democratic movement repeated ' repeated desire to carry out an assessment and presentation of practical proposals by the European Commission on the creation of financial transaction on financial transactions .
Mr President , how can it be seen as the Taliban in the same category with the well-known <UNK> and al-Qaeda in the original list ?
One of them is shared , the principle of solidarity , which is certainly very important .
Corruption and exploitation of workers are a fraction of the timber industry in these countries , and the associated deforestation poses a huge threat to the lives of indigenous peoples .
( EL ) Madam President , the current economic crisis has drawn our attention to our strong position on the need for regulation , not a deregulation of the monopolies , and the establishment of multinational and other companies , the need for changes to the law and the need to remedy and to remedy the regulatory organisations that , apart from the other things , which , apart from the market , make the prices and the need to be made exclusively by profit .
It is important for us to realise that farmers ' incomes depend on direct payments , even if they do not , in themselves , provide them with a decent standard of living .
Commissioner , I would like to welcome you for the nuclear package that you have just requested , and which relates in particular to the new nuclear power stations , as well as the proposal in the future , the ICAO standards for the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .
I would just add one final conclusion in conclusion , Mr President : I naturally call on Mr Reinfeldt to achieve consensus within the Council and also the coalition coalition within Parliament to reflect on the modalities and distribution of individual roles .
The right of disabled persons to be accompanied - something that often needs to be able to travel is guaranteed on long-distance street .
It is about this regulation and its implementation .
The events in North Africa have once again drawn attention to the importance of a common European immigration policy and have demonstrated the need for integration , assisted by the appropriate means , as well as from European solidarity .
In the Commission Communication entitled 'GDP ' , while making progress in a changing world ' , various indicators are proposed for supplementing GDP .
Last autumn , we voted against Mr Barroso because it does not share our view of the importance of good working conditions , equality and transition to a sustainable society .
Finally , I would like to state that the Union must demonstrate flexibility to the request of India to protect the revised Indian geographical indications so that India in return can provide protection for European geographical indications .
( The sitting was opened at <UNK> )
We should not open the door to social dumping , but rather incorporate a sustainable approach in trade agreements .
Similarly , we want the Court to enable Parliament and the Committee on Budgetary Control to do its job as efficiently as possible .
Violence affects women at different stages of life , from childhood to a mature age .
Thank you .
( FR ) Madam President , yes , we have to be ashamed of the Afghan pitfall in which you have been speaking about by George Bush .
They will become common principles for all the institutions .
We also need better and more effective monitoring and control systems which serve as examples of good practice .
The Commission believes that the role of the IMF in the fight against the effects of the crisis is very important .
Of course , there are significant improvements , but there are also significant gaps .
This important step towards better multi-level governance responds to repeated requests of Parliament to strengthen the participation of sub-national authorities in the development of policies , always respecting the different constitutional provisions of the parties .
However , there are also clear shortcomings in terms of funding .
Lastly , Europe must be a leader both in terms of rules and in the construction of storage facilities .
That is a lot of money , ladies and gentlemen , but we are not taking this seriously .
I regret , however , that today too often , we are ignored the message that Israel is a democratic state .
It should be noted that prices are rising simultaneously , but they are rapidly changing .
Bilateral agreements can not contain elements such as judicial protection of non-discriminatory basis , redress and the deletion and the ban on extracting data and profiling .
I therefore think that it is worth giving a clear message to the citizens who will watch us tomorrow , while we vote on the parliamentary report produced by the three committees , together .
<UNK> relations are important , of course , but we must be absolutely clear : Parliament has been talking repeatedly against any future enlargement of the European Union unless prior to the advance of any future EU enlargement , unless there is a re-examination , allowing the 27 countries to act more effectively .
The aim is to strike and strike a balance between requirements for growth and development and the relevance of the need for responsible austerity measures .
Finally , please all consider the transposition of the package .
The accession negotiations began in July 2010 .
We have reached a broad consensus .
In Europe , we pay some USD 400 billion in Europe .
Finally , we should not shy away from tackling the economic crisis .
This report describes this picture very clearly .
In order to have a better research and development , as well as innovation , we must also look at cohesion policy as an integral part of these objectives and we must put them into a wider context .
In any case , I would like to express my support for the directive , which seeks to resolve the issue of the employment of illegal immigrants .
It is not only very good in the European economy and decision-making , which is valuable quality in the current time , but also very wide experience in global economic governance - such as successful in the current time - by tackling the Presidency of the G20 , for example , in its successful meeting with the G20 Presidency of the G20 .
I find it interesting if you really think as a representative of a small group of the United Kingdom , and whether you are at all a representative of the European Union ?
We all know that prevention and early diagnosis are essential to effectively combat cancer , so the majority of the efforts must be focused on this area .
Thank you for this .
( Explanation of vote abbreviated under Rule 170 of the Rules of Procedure )
It has recently discovered that <UNK> produced waste have been classified in the Mediterranean in the region around Naples .
If this does not help , then we must be decisive and determined to be a <UNK> <UNK> .
You can forward this .
In view of the change to fishing capacity , I would like to emphasise the importance of modernising the equipment for professional dignity and the safety of fishermen in a sector where human lives are not rare .
Action Plan of Stockholm ( debate )
And then they will save passengers ' money ?
It is not common in Parliament with so many political parties and political groups , but we still have unanimous support for what we are proposing .
This Chamber is not always behaving , but that is true of all the parliaments around the world .
Let me reassure Parliament that we will continue to raise the problems of other fora , including at the highest level .
Only in this way will you finalise the title of Europe , thanks to the efforts that we are here today .
In this context , they strongly welcomed the French initiative of the official return to NATO structures of NATO and the efforts of the French Presidency of the European Union to further cohesion between the EU and NATO , in response to new challenges , to the security challenges facing the EU 's security challenges .
Montenegro would perhaps have to wait longer for longer to have been waiting for longer than that of its status , if it had not been dealt with simultaneously in connection with that of Albania .
It is obvious that the guilty parties are two when it comes to a massive humanitarian crisis in Gaza .
If this House does not want to be held hostage by a Member State , I propose that you vote against the amendments and in favour of the original text .
We now know even more about Fukushima , including the fact that the disaster was systematically <UNK> , and that the bluefin zone was systematically exacerbated earlier than the Japanese people had been recognised earlier than the Japanese people had earlier .
Thank you for your attention .
However , a safety net , only within Europe , is not the extent to which much achievement is .
We therefore call on the Member States to use our funds .
In addition , the technical meetings were suspended in the <UNK> and Cooperation Agreement , the Committee on Partnership and Cooperation .
But , Commissioner , you said that one of the major problems is access to capital and you have mentioned the European Investment Bank .
I agree with the rapporteur that the existing <UNK> must be replaced by a free document containing the main information on investor .
The EU is now trying a new approach .
As the claim will be permitted only for transitional foods , this is crucial .
We support all the actions intended to achieve a fair and lasting peace .
In my opinion , it is necessary for Europe to think in the spirit of the support plan for the <UNK> ' that has done its homework exclusively after the Second World War .
Those are proposals that we naturally support .
Two weeks ago , we had a heated debate on how small and medium-sized enterprises sustain the whole of the European economy .
With regard to gross domestic product , the transport sector produces 10 % of wealth to the European Union and provides over 10 million jobs , but , on the other hand , it is responsible for 25 % of all CO2 emissions .
The law , which endangers the freedom of the media in Hungary , is a law that is in force now .
I would , however , like to thank the Commission , too , who has been working on this directive with a very energy that <UNK> the opposition from the Member States and , which has tried constructively to help Parliament to find a path through the bold public procurement legislation .
This will , of course , be the second regular meeting during the Swedish Presidency and also the last , the most recent , the <UNK> of the rotating principle .
The legislation in this area is too stringent and , in many cases , interesting .
The proposal does not affect the EU budget and it is indisputable .
We have a idea of Europe , as the German Cameron or the Dutch Government is seeing , or at least as the party , or at least as it sees the government in the Dutch Chamber of Deputies , Europe of increasing the increase in the margin of budget , Europe of increasing the inflationary withdrawal of the <UNK> development and Europe of the <UNK> .
In this sense , intellectual property rights must not be perceived as an obstacle , but in reality , as a driving force for creative activities , particularly in the context of online services .
He has made it clear that , with its entry into force , it will pave a way for cooperation with Frontex and numerous regulations , for example , under readmission agreements and security agreements with Afghanistan .
When we are talking about immigration , we should not plunge into ideological manipulation , but rather fall into the substance of the instructions laid down in the European Pact on Immigration and Asylum , which is based on the values of integration and solidarity .
The point it offers involves a financial transaction tax .
I thank you for all the efforts that have been made , and this is a good solution for both Ireland and Europe .
( Applause )
Without proper mandate , we can not complete agreement .
I also hope that new rules will not increase expenditure for small and medium-sized producers of the Korean car manufacturers .
The European Parliament and the Council are seeking to provide a guarantee of the European Union 's loans ( European Union ) to the European Investment Bank for losses under loans and guarantees for projects outside the EU .
I voted for this report .
Let me remind you that in 2007 , more than 10 % of workers in the European Union were self-employed .
All of the best of your country and you personally do .
A genuine energy efficiency policy must also mean an opportunity to sell electricity at a reduced price for the railways , the Single and the <UNK> , as was the case in France before the European directives were to ban this .
If we do this , we will not want more and more money and we will be able to use the budget to create modern policies for the future .
( IT ) Mr President , I am grateful to the Commissioner for the answer to the soil erosion , but I would like to ask him a supplementary question .
Council position at first reading : see Minutes
The Treaty of Lisbon can not be used for this purpose , nor can it be adhered to in such a way as to the crisis management pretext .
We are on enormous crime , and in particular terrorism , as is well known to terrorism , as is well known to the honourable gentleman .
The debate is closed .
This is a measure that has also been extended to which you have been going for for a number of years .
International Women 's Day must also say that these debates on Thursday afternoon , at the same time , they deserve at least as we have today in plenary .
Madam President , it is good that we are holding this debate again ; we have recently had this debate .
All that we can be sure that , if we do not , we will not get anywhere .
The Council , for example , proposed that exemption be granted in the opt-out week by 78 hours or 65 hours , and to ban the opt-out of the exception of the Treaty , or to limit itself to one year the validity of the agreement of workers ' consent for the exception of the exemption of the exemption of workers for the exception of the exception of the exemption .
I thought some of the leaders of our Member States , for all those who will be eligible for their lack of political boldness , missed opportunities , a lack of vision .
I was in Vukovar when this small , I was in a Europe 's post-communist model , hundreds of thousands of people were homeless and hundreds of people were left homeless .
In particular , they are attempting to introduce any opposition to immigration for a crime .
The success of the Spanish Presidency and the Council 's position is that the negotiating mandate with the European Council , which will take time and is technically complicated in nature , will be adopted before the end of the first half of 2010 .
Opening of the sitting
We can be sure that the current judgment of the Constitutional Court will indeed strengthen the position of the President and weaken this House of Deputies .
Every year , the Vietnamese Government is changing its strategy on this issue , which often results in very difficult situations , particularly on children themselves , who , and without this , from the background of other reasons .
Those countries which joined the European Union in 2007 adopted only some of the provisions relating to the Schengen area , and have , since then , implemented them with this limited scope .
I wanted to mention this , in view of this , a statement with regard to corruption and this issue to be properly taken into account in the action plan .
Rather , such people are the ones that ask questions .
The main aspect that the Committee on Regional Development wants to highlight is the need for transparency and awareness in relation to the results achieved in the period of the programming and the suitable instruments for coordinating actions financed through EAFRD and the Structural Funds , to build up broadband infrastructure for broadband Internet .
For these reasons , I support the motion for a resolution on the situation in Tunisia .
The proposed by the Commission is aimed at supporting Member States in their efforts to deal with cancer by providing a framework for the criminalisation and shared treatment of information , capacity and expertise in the field of disease and cancer screening .
The greatest concern expressed in the Treaty of Lisbon was how to bring Europe closer to its citizens .
The stability of the Caucasus is certainly also in the interest of the EU , but we should not leave the responsibility for this plan to Turkey 's plan , otherwise , new momentum will emerge and even pressure in the accession process .
That is absurd .
Mr President , the funds that are being made available for development cooperation must , in fact , serve the development objectives so that we can help poor countries to catch up on the financial and economic crisis , which we should not be blamed .
The fact that some European countries are lagging behind in the area of teaching foreign languages , close doors to students during the course of more jobs when they have an international character .
We call on the Heads of State or Government to hold a meeting tonight in preparation for the G20 Summit to take part in their agendas of the dairy crisis so that appropriate measures are taken to respond to livestock farmers .
If we can achieve this by means of agreements between the countries of the euro area , we must not only consider it , but also work to reach a solution in the next few weeks and months .
If possible , in order to stay in mind , tomorrow 's vote should be postponed .
We will follow up the progress in this area .
The Commission shares Parliament 's concerns over the recent signals of the government of Vietnam towards human rights .
Workers training is closed .
Although , up to now , it is better that patients or better educated patients have benefited from the benefits of cross-border healthcare , this opportunity is already open to everyone .
I would first like to say that I am very pleased that during the debate in this House , it has once again been confirmed once again that Parliament , the Commission and the Council are of an opinion when it comes to defending our common values and , as I said in my speech , when it comes to a strong stand against terrorism .
It is also imperative that the Council and the European Parliament work in closer cooperation , and that , in turn , requires willingness to act as partners .
The same goes for the Tamil citizens so that anyone who manages to acquire a Serbian passport will be able to travel .
The Commission 's budget is set annually by the budgetary authority .
After all , these are the cases concerning the Western Balkan states , which , in the end , must take responsibility .
The concept of 'work ' must be viewed more extensively .
If such laws are adopted , it is not permissible for some countries to be forced to implement them , but for others actually to actually release them .
However , we are concerned with some aspects , not least of guiding principles of the European Research Area , because it must focus on cooperation between the true networks of research and cooperation , as it must focus on cooperation between networks for research and cooperation , by revising all trends between networks in developed countries and reducing existing in the current systems of research .
The development of the pirates was the collecting of a sea fishing permit in Somali waters .
We need fundamental respect for the Stability and Growth Pact and we need reliable and correct data on which we can make a decision .
Any support that industry receives during the fall is to address environmental requirements .
In this process for us , the Roma , and I think the whole of the European Union is much more about more than mutual trust .
Who will go and say : 'We have to think about matters relating to the environment ? '
On this day , the fight against women to recognise and exercise their rights makes the worsening of their rights and the number of precarious jobs , as well as low wages and retirement pay and discrimination in connection with pay and pay for working women .
At no point , the French Government has distracted or the job of returning to leave families or other rescue services .
I hope that this decision will not have a effect on the number of sentences handed down .
I also agree with the rapporteur that , in order to strengthen the mechanism of cosmetic products , the responsibility for cosmetic products should be given to an independent organisation , an independent assessment .
I certainly understand why many of you are of interest in talking about Europe as a whole .
That was the position we began .
In this case , we have not been able to find a consistent European approach , at least as regards security controls , so-called stress tests .
Let us also remember that there are significant <UNK> interests in the area of agriculture , such as the wine industry , such as the wine , fruit and vegetable and geographical indications .
As energy security is a crucial factor for EU Member States , Ukraine plays an important role , and therefore it should be promoted to resolve its energy problems by improving its relations with Russia through bilateral agreements .
This means that , to maintain and manage our office in Brussels , we are giving the same means as the EP delegation in Brussels for the same work as the Members of Parliament in Malta for the same work there .
Secondly , the need to take a serious view to the issue of copyright is a great hope and an opportunity for developing a more inclusive market , and this aspect of the market should be regulated jointly .
That concludes the item .
Madam President , I know that I am well aware that I am not responding to every single question , but I remain wholly available to Parliament to provide all the information requested by Members and , in particular , when I have asked her questions tonight , as well as when I get it .
Finally , something in relation to Poland and Hungary : one Member said that the ECB did not get on board , as it should be .
( The President cut off the speaker )
If the next referendum says 'yes ' , it will be sooner because they have realised that Europe is secure , particularly in times of crisis .
I have one comment on the mechanism for the benefit he has spoken of the most successful post of the office of the Council .
I would very much welcome if we are to work on specific projects in this regard .
In order for the European Union to achieve its target for 2020 , it will , of course , be essential to increase the planned investment in low-carbon technologies .
That is why the European Commission , which is a community and indeed , should take on the Monnet and the Schuman method , should take a leading role in this area .
This is a guarantee of success , because the Union for innovation is , first and foremost , a strategy for the European Union 's economic development .
They can be used to make mutual learning of best practice and it is desirable for more feminist associations to benefit from existing networks in rural areas .
With the approaching enlargement of the east , the situation has become very much more complicated .
As for the introduction of a system of own resources , I still have enormous volatility in the unilateral introduction of a financial transaction tax without a thorough study into the impact of a thorough impact study .
We are also condemning the violent reaction of the Kenyan Government , which has condemned the <UNK> of a Palestinian and democratic <UNK> .
We are now facing the defence of the defence funding - the second funding to rescue Greece - unless , of course , today , we do not tell us that this is not necessary .
I hope you will keep them informed of them in the future .
At the same time , the Council drew attention that , on the one hand , while accession negotiations continue , the Agreement on the <UNK> will constitute the main institutional basis between Iceland and the EU , and , on the other hand , that in the last two years , Iceland has also been an active and constructive partner in the agreement and the Schengen area .
The EEAS should be part of the Commission with regard to administration and the budget as well as a formal component of the Commission , as well as its own body , as a body , added to the structure of the Commission .
( HU ) The possibility of a European citizens ' initiative can promote the development of public debates leading to a true European public sphere .
Last November , we in the European Parliament called on the Member States of the European Union and the EU to finally address the situation of women during war and in armed conflicts .
A significant part of the population is suffering from malnutrition and a lack of appropriate medical care , and the centre-left government is rejecting all forms of cooperation with the authorities of the United Nations , which does not allow people in North Korea to have any access to international humanitarian aid .
Those points that do not constitute a comprehensive list are a satisfactory minimum , so as to ensure that the Doha Round really does promote development .
Mr President , Mrs Malmström policy is a very topical issue , as has been clear from recent cases in Lampedusa and Greece .
It is also clear that this report is equally balanced and I would like to emphasise it once again , as it does not constitute a single party .
It gives women guidelines for men and women for a joint future for us , and for our children , because we are working together , we can only ensure equality between women and men , not just in the law , but also in everyday lives , in economic and social life .
I , for example , know that it is extremely difficult to push the <UNK> ' unit in a company .
The Alzheimer 's and research Fund is one of the EU 's largest funds .
One of the possible explanations of the detection of so many new cases is precisely the high level of progress that has been made as a result of the emergence of new prevention programmes , most of which are funded by the European Union .
We have had a risky budgetary policy , having made a budget deficit worthwhile to stimulate the economy .
I am planning to support you .
This document does not only relate to improvements in the outcome of the new statute , but also to the activity of the EIB .
For example , within a month , the price of butter rises by 4 % in France , with 8 % in Germany and even more in the United Kingdom .
<UNK> accounting standards ( vote )
The young woman murdered on television from the young Libyan Libyan woman that she was raped by troops of Gaddafi 's troops .
On the one hand , we have heard from the Council that , if the European Arrest Warrant is implemented correctly and efficiently , and is not used for the many minor minor infringements , as has happened , its advantages are much more than shortcomings .
In the Atlantic Ocean , <UNK> have no longer been granted exemption , with the applicable derogations in relation to coastal fishing , with the exception of a case being brought down by case .
Furthermore , Parliament wanted to have some reservations in the 2011 budget .
The same argument has been used as an explanation and other religious killings in Turkey .
The heritage is excellent , but I am a little disappointed that no one of them is with <UNK> .
In addition to differences in contract law , other obstacles exist and other obstacles to cross-border transactions such as tax matters , intellectual property or the existence of electronic payment methods .
It is in the interest of all citizens , Commissioner , that the situation after a nuclear disaster is managed to be managed by the Commission , given that this quite clearly goes beyond the interests of individual national governments .
Finally , let us not worry about the value of the euro : the fall in the common currency is good for the euro economy .
We need further research and the flow of new medicine and vaccines , capable of tackling new complications and <UNK> strains of different <UNK> .
All this is meaningless and paragraph 1 , in which we call for a strong and sustainable CAP with a budget commensurate with the ambitious targets , will also be a statistical one .
The enhanced cooperation procedures are useful when they expand opportunities for participating in them , without jeopardising the other .
President of the Commission . - I am well aware that , in the course of the crisis , the Commission , represented by the Kristalina Georgieva , which is here with us , first sent a delegation to a high-level delegation in Japan after the dreadful events there .
You have thought that we should not have listened to the current work in the Commission .
This situation imposes the mechanisms to be able to effectively overcome the mechanisms through which the crisis can be resolved effectively .
This hypocritical hypocritical approach must not be a majority in Parliament .
( DE ) Madam President , we are currently familiar with what is most fitting of what is meant to be sport : the poor spirit of the victory and , yesterday , we have heard the sense of team team team speech .
I myself do not take a toll from the <UNK> Council on this issue .
In the context of buildings , Member States will set clear targets and develop clear targets and will develop action plans which will also include support measures .
Their profits have decreased because fuel prices have risen .
We must bear in mind that the Member States represented by the Council are the most significant player in the agreement .
There is also a need for specific coordinated cooperation programmes with private companies , innovation and development .
Women in Afghanistan
It fails therefore not to justify any mitigating the implementation of the precautionary principle or zero tolerance for GMOs , or ...
However , certain Member States often face a suspected discrimination in minorities living on their territory .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner Malmström , ladies and gentlemen , cooperation between Europe and the United States is of fundamental importance in tackling most major crises in the world , and the new US administration certainly represents an opportunity for this .
I think that the European Union must maintain a bold and realistic policy towards Russia .
The changes of crucial importance must come from the country itself .
I also hope that the Commission and the Member States will reinforce their controls on minimum health and safety requirements in the workplace .
For this reason , we believe that it is important for these legislative policies or work programmes that do not see in the same principle as the previous Communist <UNK> plans that existed in which there were no ambiguity from the start to the end .
We must work on this path .
We must meet the expectations of the people of the South .
Last but not least , I welcome the contribution to the future Eighth Framework Programme , which must be more transparent , more flexible and more flexible .
This is a new task and a new responsibility for all MEPs .
It must be avoided at any price and it must be punished in a cost-effective manner .
I also welcome the intentions of the report aimed at strengthening the role of the EU in multilateral security organisations , in <UNK> and at G20 , among others .
They simply offer the opportunity to very quickly pay for many swift payment , immediately after they are adopted at the Ecofin meeting in November and after the signing of the budget for 2010 .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , many of you have read the <UNK> ' Process ' process , which is the most striking that is happening today in my country , with a government which is experiencing great democratic traditions , with a government that is being made today in an attempt to undermine the democratic vote with unprecedented media in historical terms of the media and courts .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament has decided to call for electronic documents , particularly with regard to the declarations of performance of textile products , in particular , regarding the placing of market performance .
It is therefore crucial for Europe not to forget for women who suffer from daily violations , such as the right to life and physical wellbeing - women who are sentenced to death through stoning ; women who are forced to flee to live in and live as refugees who are forced to be imprisoned so that women who are forced to flee and live as refugees who are discriminated against to be discriminated against and discriminated against because of gender .
I welcome the European Parliament 's decision to approve the interim agreement between the European Union and the Pacific States .
The financial crisis and the debt crisis have had a useful impact , bringing about a much greater sense of cooperation , particularly in terms of common foreign and security policy .
( SV ) Mr President , while many matters remain , inspection and insatiable of EU funds are improving and becoming increasingly urgent .
For this reason , I agree with the rapporteur and I wish to agree directly with the Commission and the Council in order to achieve clarity , transparency , intellectual and therefore safety on our territory and , on this particular issue , with regard to which , ladies and gentlemen , we should never stop being <UNK> .
The item is closed .
I have read it all because it shows the importance of the Commission when it comes to fulfilling the European project , a Commission that , under the same , is collective responsibility to your Parliament .
I strongly condemn these expressions of extremism .
The interim agreement will be in force no more than twelve months , and the Commission has already announced that it intends to table a proposal for a permanent agreement once the new Treaty comes into force .
The real issue has always been overshadowed by a pervasive atmosphere of bad <UNK> and suspicions .
I would like to see a reduction of 25 % of those living in poverty in EU citizens , as well as ensuring that those who are excluded from the labour market can get access to high quality work , and at the same time we aim to eliminate the practice of doing the job .
Secondly , amendments that describe or <UNK> one very precise and specific point in the report - that the geographic political speeches should not be subject to criminal offence - are the amendments that I oppose and I am delighted to hear that others in this unfortunate argument do so .
Another piece of ambiguity would prove the EU 's sixth <UNK> .
This is not a question of Greece or any other Member State .
We will start this discussion in the autumn .
Moreover , I ask the Commission , in accordance with it , is it the state aid to grant 4 million to fishermen on the part of the French Government , and is therefore not what the common fisheries policy is in the common fisheries policy ?
Yes , but what growth ?
We need a targeted exchange of information and best practice , but we also need double structures .
Mr President , the report on the prohibition of illegal logging , which was adopted by a large majority in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , is balanced .
The actions taken in Libya under the aegis of the United Nations and certain European Heads of State or Government are demonstrating that , when it wishes , Europe - or part of Europe - can act firmly in difficult times .
The <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> of <UNK> in <UNK> , later , was later <UNK> .
If , by then , the EU does not accept a budget and will still be determined every month , our Presidency will be able to fulfil its obligations .
Of course , there is also something that exists in other areas , such as the beef and fish : too much imports , too easily from third countries , and undermining our own production .
We therefore fully agree with the text , which is adopted and which will establish a yearly period of 30 days , within which the state must pay its obligations to suppliers .
In the defence of our institutional powers , we also oppose the requests to introduce a procedure for the governing committee implementing measures , so that the European Joint Committee ...
I do not want to discuss the content .
I would like to congratulate you in the Desertec project .
Who is given them ?
( PL ) Madam President , the new architecture of public finances in the European Union is based on the aspiration to develop the judicious financial regulations and public expenditure , as well as to the collective desire to limit the sovereignty of Member States .
One of the problems is undoubtedly the fact that , in 27 Commissioners , areas of competency are often copied , which results in uncertainties .
As counterfeiting is an organised crime , as I have already mentioned , I think we should combat it aid this tool with its commitment and a joint effort .
Green Paper on the future of TEN-T policy ( short presentation )
It has been drafted on the basis of some excellent and more targeted proposals by the Commission aimed at simplifying the application procedure , which gives the Member States access to the relevant funds .
On the other hand , with regard to the correct number of free-trade agreements being negotiated by the Commission , we will provide clearer and more realistic answers in writing with the staff of the commissioner .
The choice of the definition of these is a cross-sector and a more open approach which does not only conflict with the principles that govern our external action , but will also undermine the European social model .
I believe that this is perhaps the most striking point in law , and we will certainly have to return to this in the future , but on the other hand it is a major step to significantly improve the rights of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility .
Even the huge growth of demand beyond the EU borders will determine this .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , thank you for your statement .
The events in Japan must constitute a concern for all the Member States , whether they have nuclear power stations or not , because if they happen , they will endanger all of Europe .
People have become victims of a reprehensible act of a criminal act which has nothing to do with religion or moral principle .
Secondly , even then , the Soviet Union did not come down with the Russian people who , too , suffered from the Communist dictatorship .
Finally , I would like to thank international organisations such as the <UNK> for peace , <UNK> for the prevention of a nuclear war ' ( <UNK> ) and the World ' international campaign on the ban on nuclear weapons ' ( <UNK> ) .
The Member States must therefore immediately set the launch of a programme of a mainly renovation of the existing building stock in order to achieve an estimated zero level of energy consumption in buildings by 2050 .
This is a mechanism that I call for a temporary distribution mechanism in the price chain .
However , I have not heard since then , that it was a decision , or that a plan - or at least not a public - and I hope you will be able to challenge us as to whether there is actually a plan for us whether there is such a plan at all .
The European Union encourages Belarus to abolish or declare a moratorium on the death penalty .
I regret the loss of human life as a result of industrial life , which has happened in Hungary .
At the same time , I agree with the Council that this situation is not yet safe enough to give up support .
The Committee on Civil Liberties Affairs firmly believes that we should indeed look at what really happens around us right now , and that we need to increase our costs in the area of the protection of refugees , as well as in the area of Roma integration .
We hope that the Commission will take into account these remarks .
This is a oil , as well as natural gas .
That is why the protection and extension of forests on the basis of natural processes and without commercial objectives should be the top priority of our policy , both for the fight against , and for adaptation of developing and developing countries to climate change .
According to the European Commission , around 70 % of the EU 's GDP of the Member States is created in the services sector .
I believe that legal certainties has helped , because it is clear that there is no need to worry about the neutrality or abortion , or other matters .
I also reply to the high expectations of democratic rights .
China is achieving its trade surplus by artificially cutting the value of its national currency , combining the sizes of wages , so that dumping can not afford to afford imports to China , but rather the export prices are much lower than European , ignoring international psychological rights , so that Chinese companies can benefit from the fact that Chinese companies themselves do not operate in research and development .
I do not know how fast or how slowly this will happen , I do not know what the integration process will do , but I certainly know that the integration process must continue .
However , I would like to point out that , in the report , not only assesses policy assessment , but the focus mainly on the future , on development .
This involves ensuring quality and safety for organs , but also ensuring protection for donors and recipients by identifying competent authorities .
More than half of the citizens of the European Union Member States are affected by the suspension of gas supplies from Russia .
After what has happened recently in Japan , it is essential to carry out stress tests for the European nuclear power stations for assessing health standards and risks , and to alleviate the concerns of the public .
We have not seen that we are only at the beginning but not at the end of the process .
The possibility of freeing micro-entities from the obligation to make up and publish annual accounts will not reduce the administrative burden .
However , the need for specialist analyses continues to be topical continues to be up-to-date .
To this end , we must ensure that the border authorities have sufficient resources .
There is no doubt that constitutional change makes a great deal of sense and that they make a fundamental contribution to the democratisation of the life of Turkey .
Very often , their very intrusive resolution is becoming a complex process and a result is mutual disappointment .
As my subject seems very important - evidence of this is extremely important - proof of this is extremely high numbers of people who have asked for the floor 10 times more than those provided in the Rules of Procedure .
Let me also say , with regard to rapid measures - the measures to stop deforestation and the measures to take money away from international aviation and maritime transport and maritime transport , which jeopardise the climate , in particular , that they must yield immediate results .
I am therefore very pleased that the President of Lithuania , Commissioner Špidla , and the government of Lithuania , has already said that the bill is contrary to Lithuania 's own constitution 's own constitution .
The common aim is to avoid a situation where development is conducted exclusively in the large urban centres , thereby avoiding discrimination on the basis of gender and geographical origin of residents of rural areas .
The European Year of Volunteering ( 2011 ) will allow the activities deployed in this field to adopt a European dimension , and we therefore hope that this will have a huge impact on civil society .
The presentation of 25 <UNK> immigrants arriving on this country by this country of the same treatment is sending the wrong message : Germany has shown that they are not ; the Canaries and Spain has shown that 30 000 <UNK> per year of the southern shore are not acceptable to the European Union .
We must find a way to develop an appropriate and effective instrument for the complementarity of GDP , which can be applied in practice , using clearly defined indicators and rely on high-quality data .
The data and their analysis are a key element in the fight to prevent and tackle terrorism , which is the subject of the debate this afternoon .
The main reason for this is that we are not in favour of the proposal for a international financial transaction tax .
Ladies and gentlemen , we go to the catch-the-eye procedure .
The European Charter on Freedom of the Press will only become a piece of paper if the European Heads of State or Government want to continue to hold on this way .
On the contrary , there are some people who wish to make a <UNK> and to commemorate his name to his name to his name in the ballot box , even though it was responsible for massive murders after the war .
I think that young people are the main victims of the crisis , and that we need to take advantage of our opportunity to put them at the root of the Europe 2020 strategy .
Economic change , political change and change in our vision , as a result of the new players and globalisation as a result of the new players and globalisation .
I would like to emphasise the need for new and diverse learning throughout life , which is crucial to better quality of work , and particularly in the context of jobs , and the need to pay particular attention to young people , women and the need to pay particular attention to young people , women and to disabled persons , as set out in the Europe 2020 strategy .
Economic interests can not be turned into a reason to forget the most probable and suffering .
We have been involved in strengthening the influence and presence of Europe in the world , we firmly believe that this project has a greater strength of strength and greater viability than it started when it comes to such enthusiasm and a great extent for Europeans .
Although the Western Balkans are not yet part of the EU , stability in northern Europe can only be achieved by widening the EU of the Balkans .
It is also possible to strike our confiscated and to limit our capabilities for effective cooperation .
I believe that the Agency can do a fine job in coordinating national policies , bring added value to all policies that have been put into effect .
However , it is not yet included in the budget that Mr Lewandowski must submit shortly .
The Treaty of Lisbon is not , as Mr Klaus claims , to make the European Union more power against Member States , but rather something quite different .
In today 's vote , we want the European Union to cooperate with the newly developed institutions in order to develop rules and regulations that will help the country to make better use of financial aid that has received in the past year and , above all , to do so in accordance with the principles of democracy and legality .
The award on the award will take place on Wednesday 16 December , in Strasbourg .
The balance balances of the balance of environmental standards with realistic and achievable targets , which are not detrimental to the detriment of the sector , nor are it creating the risk for jobs in the Union .
Businesses can not compete with social and environmental pressures that are being implemented by certain emerging economies , such as China , where labour costs are extremely low and where there is no social protection and the associated costs for social protection and environmental protection .
There are also problems in other Member States , but in Italy they are the biggest ones .
The road map is the road map determining the criteria , the realisation of structural reforms in key areas of justice , freedom and security .
As you Mr De <UNK> demonstrated , our unity - the reunification of Germany - started even earlier because we have taken up our attitude to the common European history and our common European future .
Moreover , the addition of a common review clause allows for a comprehensive review in light of technical developments and understanding of the consumer from 2014 later than 2014 later than 2014 .
Vice-President of the Commission . - I doubt that we will have time to create a specific service at this late stage and before the elections .
From this point of view , the European Union 's priority should be to promote and support the efforts that are currently underway to start an international dialogue in Yemen with President Saleh .
I am pleased that we are well aware that we are aware of the country 's identity and the country 's special role in the region .
However , on a global point of view , I would like to appeal to you to look at the data on electric cars for China , you really must be putting a stop to the <UNK> , as the Commission 's communication says .
The adopted text does not contain the most important point of view .
Mr Barroso , will you talk to the other commissioners and introduce a EID , only on a voluntary basis , whereas equipment does not happen 100 % of normal equipment ?
The agreement is an opportunity to give new impetus to trade relations and guarantees to the European market - the exemption of customs duties and without quotas for most goods .
It is possible to see that there is a place for a major leap forward in electric vehicles and transport as a whole , particularly in towns .
It has not yet been done .
The role of the EU institutions to ensure respect for compliance with the principles of language equality in both relations between Member States and in the different European institutions and relations with the Community institutions and the bodies of the EU institutions and with the Community institutions and with the Community institutions .
Mr President , there is no assessment of the social , environmental and economic consequences of the European Union 's economic agreement between the European Union and Canada .
Madam President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for being so sad to join us tonight , and also to get my message to us in this House , and also to tell us that she sent out her message .
With these arguments , Commissioner , Mr President , does n't you not believe that your rescue is extremely harmful to the regions of Italy , Europe and the Mediterranean , but also for other countries ?
Today , we are experiencing a fundamental change in the situation .
This concerns all European citizens .
The alarm bell that exists between Mr Trichet , President Barroso and Chancellor Merkel , as well as the <UNK> on the markets , as we are talking to us that this was not a group of prominent figures .
The European Union 's accounts for up to 2004 and 60 % of alleged fraud are from Italy .
In future , this may lead to a patchwork of the current system of dividing funds from the Cohesion Fund .
It must continue down the road to Europe as the rest of the region moves forward .
According to the Court of Auditors , institutions do not cooperate in these areas or even fail to assess their own policy .
I think that , once this weekend has come into force in 2013 , it will help achieve the objective of harmonising and strengthening the rights of passengers at EU level without any importance whatsoever of transport .
It is not enough .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , now you have an insight into the European Investment Bank 's regulatory approach in the coming years .
( EL ) Mr President , the package of economic governance measures creates a strong tool for imposing capitalist restructurings in the same way as a single strategy for all the Member States to strengthen competitiveness , profitability and power of capital .
It is important to remember that , despite the many fears that we have had , and despite the numerous challenges that Russia faces , there have also been positive changes .
I heard the argument of the wine growers that traditional rosé is a little bit more <UNK> ' , and they say that rosé wine are a modern way of producing wine .
I would like to comment , however , on some of the amendments that have been tabled .
What should we do to alter this ?
I was unable to vote for this report because it sacrificed some of the difficult new powers of the European Union in the field of international trade in the name of the agreement with the Council on the <UNK> of the agreement with the Council on the executive power of other areas .
The Member States , where applications are issued , are subject to the decision on a case-by-case basis depending on the circumstances involved .
In fact , we got on the back of the backs because the bonds of Portugal in Portugal last week , while the truth is , in fact , that the European Central Bank is actually using taxpayers ' money to buy their own debt .
We need to realise that in Europe approximately 50 000 aircraft aircraft are in use for the purposes of the common denominator and business aviation industry , and around four times more small aircraft and <UNK> use is made of sport and <UNK> .
Tajikistan has an important geographical location , as it is at a crucial juncture between Europe and Asia , and therefore plays an important role in strengthening stability in the region .
The public is too sensitive to animal welfare issues .
Tomorrow , we will establish that we have already achieved a number of important and rational measures in this sector .
In November , we launched a Green Paper and public consultations in order to bring together on how to improve our policies and tools for better actions on sustainable and inclusive growth in the partner countries , thereby addressing the root causes of poverty and add value added added to our development cooperation .
Violence against women is currently the most serious expression of discrimination against women and violations of human rights .
In particular , they are imposed by the so-called <UNK> ' of the six states ' of the Community budget around 1 % of GDP .
I would like to emphasise my support for the activities of the European Union , because the European Union strongly recognises the independence of both regions at international level .
The European Union may draw a lesson from this EUR 2 billion , which is the EDF for development in Africa .
I heard the words 'There said that there was freedom , freedoms and justice ' .
It is not only a better than a <UNK> gas pipeline to Germany , which is affecting Poland , but will also increase our energy security .
I think this is an extremely good resolution , and I think that it is also excellent that , overall , these matters are very much in agreement in the Commission , as well as in the Council and in the European Parliament .
The extremely important element of fundamental rights - freedom of expression - must be violated in all countries around the world .
Madam Ashton , in 1999 , in order to avoid unrest in the armed of fifty Benghazi , Gaddafi has had a need for scapegoats who will be <UNK> who will abuse the responsibility for AIDS affected by poor <UNK> health .
Every day around the world of hunger die , 36 000 people because they do not have enough food to feed .
I also consider the question of the suspension of transfers .
Surely , we should discuss whether we are in the European Parliament to be in the European Parliament .
The citizens of Europe behave as hostages .
This outcome shows that denial of climate change , ignorance of these issues , is caused by a raging minority in this House , whose views really ought to be overlooked and who are sympathetic to the views of the citizens of all countries of the European Union .
So I encourage all fellow Members to vote in favour of it .
Soon , it can be put an end to this anomaly , as can be seen by the proposed Council and the Commission 's proposed strategy with regard to Belarus .
I have suggested that most of the contents of the report deserve our support , although the document contains and some sections that we do not fully agree with .
Let us now avoid new economic <UNK> between new and old ones .
The report we have before us is a long haul , which is very long .
The EU must make sure its opinion is taken into account migration and integration .
Above all , we must drive people properly into the proper mix of skills , which will enable them to adapt to our rapidly changing society .
The Commission 's forthcoming study of the European Commission is specifically intended to remove barriers to the proper functioning of the internal market and to make it possible to make developments in e-commerce more dynamic .
There is an opportunity for these measures to stabilise the internal situation and to prevent a humanitarian disaster that inevitably threatens this destructive country with a population of ten million .
The black market with gender equality is a prerequisite for stimulating employment and tackling demographic issues .
However , it is important that this differentiation does not need to be made in danger of a crisis that is in conflict with good policy .
The most efficient % of businesses in my region have less than 49 employees .
In any event , no patient should leave their home country in order to get medical treatment , but , in cases where necessary , they must be able to do so , knowing that they have a right to do so , knowing that they have a right to this from treatment and reimbursement .
As is the fact that the term <UNK> risk ' was maintained , thus creating a loophole ' for certain activities where it does not need to comply with the procedures provided for in the legislation .
I fully support his appeal and I am working with him to gather as many as possible signatures in the Netherlands .
I do not understand the rationale of the EU to address a global issue .
We do , as I said , welcome the efforts to close Guantánamo , but we are opposed to the military commission and other abuses .
It is necessary to start and promote a pragmatic process involving the United Nations and all local factors , including neighbouring countries such as Iran .
They believe that politicians should be dictating to the extent to work .
The second is that we are the only real European financial institution ; all our shareholders are the Member States , and they are mainly the Member States of the European Union .
It should also be stressed the need for monitoring of the facilities proposed in order to ensure that all the technical requirements proposed by specialists will be properly taken into account and observed in their exploitation .
The focus must be made , as is well emphasised in the report , on cutting red tape related to the funding procedures , along with the introduction of severe penalties in the event of irregularities or failure to comply with the existing legal regulations .
These policies must be backed up with an appropriate budget , but also with reliable inspection of the programmes implemented , with appropriate follow-up and with the definition of good practices .
( PT ) Mr President , there are some extremely important decisions that must be made within the framework of the Union 's tight limits , which are leaders of the EU tend to be unwilling to change , thereby <UNK> all prospects for real convergence and cohesion .
Parliament has always maintained the opinion of increased transparency and the reasonable purpose of tax and payment , and has indicated that the Member States must take the cost of applying more stringent measures .
There are a few issues that should be addressed : firstly , the development of the reverse charge mechanism ; secondly , a list of illnesses , which will be covered by the system ; secondly , the recognition of the burden , which will be covered by the same treatment ; and fourthly , the promotion of electronic health .
And what is reprehensible , the recent <UNK> for Members who have agreed to amend or draft legislation in exchange for money , further undermining the authority of Parliament , in particular , in its efforts to combat fraud and corruption .
If properly implemented by national authorities , this international agreement will constitute an important tool for ensuring the protection of life in the sea in the long term and for the sustainable exploitation of fish stocks .
According to estimates in the very near future , 16 % or 80 million inhabitants of the EU will live below the poverty line .
Are you going to gather information on them more closely and faster , given that the problem is getting worse , especially at present , in many Member States ?
Today , in Europe , one in four women is the victims of violence - domestic violence , sexual exploitation or female genital mutilation .
In addition , I also mentioned the important role of the European Parliament in approving both cohesion policy and budgetary resources , and also that it will strengthen if the Treaty of Lisbon comes into force .
In this sense , I am very sorry that we have too much information on the cases of working accidents .
Finally , I would like to say that transparency ensures good governance and confidence in the institutions .
The Member States must also intervene and push out measures that can help European producers in the pig industry , which , in order to adapt to new European legislation , have begun a process of modernisation of their sites , but it is too unlikely to complete it before the start of 2012 .
Therefore , youth policies must be ambitious in order to enable young people to acquire skills that are better adapted to the needs of businesses .
I will conclude by saying that , when it comes to recasting the regulation , we will have the opportunity to make progress on some of the issues raised today and that , overall , we will be able to work on some of the common agricultural policy as well as on the current regulation .
In reality , when we are proposing trade preferences to developing countries , we are not taking this action on pragmatic , commercial considerations , but to show our solidarity with these countries .
These services have an extremely beneficial effect and the results of their activities can prove disastrous to countries or organisations that they have clearly assessed , as we have seen clearly in the recent financial crisis .
Schengen has encouraged the falsification of cross-border crime and illegal waves of people and goods that , in themselves , are sometimes legitimate , not , but sometimes not , without any real benefit for Europeans .
Have you thought that growth and employment depends on genuine common actions with the necessary resources or prefer to act unilaterally with regard to innovation , education , training , support for small and medium-sized enterprises and the fight against unemployment and poverty with too much tragic consequences of this ?
Madam President , as you have just said , the summit between the European Union and Russia will take place in Stockholm on 18 November .
The Union is being <UNK> for defending Christians around the world , because it does not respect the Christian philosophy itself .
I personally am opposed to less common ambitions in <UNK> .
We have also requested from Brazil .
The good things , such as accession to the European Union , are obvious from themselves .
They should be commended for this .
In addition , of course , we need sensible sanctions in the event of real violations .
That is a good result , but I believe that we need to achieve much more in the future .
The practices that you have spoken about are asking for more accessibility and for patients as well as other professionals , objective information on medicinal products .
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that , in this debate , there is no reference to questions from this House .
The next G20 summit will take place on 11 and 12 November in Seoul , under the Presidency of France .
However , the Union can exert its influence in terms of protecting human rights throughout the world if it itself serves an example in this area .
I am convinced that achieving all these important objectives will be possible only if , from the start , we are working very short of the start to build a new climate of institutional cooperation - one of the main challenges in the Treaty of Lisbon , for which we always talk to very much .
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
We have European instruments to help us achieve this objective , namely the European Social Fund , and I believe that we should rely on this lever .
We believe that this directive will alter the situation and contribute to a true European defence market .
We also abhor ourselves from a dictator of Iran ; at a time when public <UNK> condemned to the <UNK> , we are being supplied to the holder of this shattered country .
We must devote attention to programmes such as this for learning throughout life and 'Youth on ' programmes .
However , we must carefully discuss how we are also in the context of business cooperation and in which conditions we want to improve cooperation between business and universities .
It is therefore worth pointing out that , after a year in which diplomacy and determination , we have achieved a positive result .
In addition to ensuring high quality , safe and efficient cross-border healthcare , it is important to ensure an appropriate and suitable balance between patients in the European Union to seek treatment abroad and opportunities for national health care systems and national health priority in the field of health .
It is gratifying that , according to the Treaty of Lisbon , there will be a permanent President .
Mr <UNK> is the oldest president of Côte d'Ivoire .
( DE ) Commissioner Malmström , thank you for your excellent answer .
We must punish it if Libya continues to give so many refugees free access to Europe .
To some extent , it can be countered to some extent with investment in old and new infrastructure .
One last point .
There are large energy savings options .
It is a institutional issue , and I would like to thank the Prime Minister of Spain , Mr Zapatero , for his commitment to Europe and to the Community method .
I also agree that it is desirable to review our cooperation with Belarus and also the amount of funding allocated to it to assess whether to continue pursuing a new policy in September 2008 .
I will mention as an example of the Republic of Cyprus , which is now under monitoring .
As long as Socialists , the Left in this House , do not have any arguments to get us in a corner , I can very frankly admit this debate .
As a result of this pact to the euro area , a number of Member States , such as Latvia , Poland , Denmark , Romania and Bulgaria are joining the European Union .
<UNK> , combined with productivity , really does deliver .
We want greater involvement of local partners in cases where the World Bank is submitting projects , we want the most adequate and not so <UNK> and we want a common audit of all the resources of the European Investment Bank .
I believe that , in these times of economic crisis , an open internal market could help to bring about economic recovery .
The creation of a common register is also useful for lobbyists , because they will have to register only once .
We have therefore taken care of our concern to partner , ally and friend .
in writing . - ( BG ) Mr President , the Commission 's reports are not enforced any infringement of competition within the internal market by the monopoly .
It is known that the reaction to the spread of H1N1 was growing compared to the real magnitude of the problem .
The Commission proposes to amend the European Union 's budget for 2011 in order to discourage the need to mobilise the European Union Solidarity Fund for the sum of EUR 182.4 million in commitment and payments , in order to mitigate the consequences of flooding in Poland , Slovakia , Hungary , Hungary and Romania .
Who could say 'no ' to this ?
We also promise to devote specific resources to the programme to increase the number of participating in the programme currently only ten .
The following questions have been asked to the Commission .
I am pleased that I have been involved in successful negotiations , which have led to the agreement .
In other words , it is important to monitor implementation and change in the emergence of these sharp injuries so as to be a starting point when one of the countries has asked to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to use the opportunity .
There will be hundreds of thousands of victims across Europe , but , because this truth is a shame for the political elite , and because , fearful of the white world , this scandal will be as simple as the old age , this scandal will be as <UNK> as our elderly citizens .
I have been much more interested .
Mr President , in December 2005 , there was a prime minister who was present at the meeting in Parliament .
After all , Haitians have no short-term , but also long-term necessities .
Take the Globalisation Adjustment Fund , for example .
The answer will be that no one cares about this .
Last week , the wave of this resistance also hit Yemen .
Although the <UNK> are not exclusively intended for SMEs , they have an important place in many clusters , which have been created throughout the EU .
However , in the euro area , it is not new and it is well known .
That is important and I say the following to the President of the Commission and to all the commissioners : we need to ensure a competitive European economy so that we have a social Europe .
In my region , <UNK> , the main activity , as well as one of the largest sources of income , is the cultivation of house and oil production .
The first and most important difficulty - and there are no doubt other Members of this House who have raised the issue : the Palestinian conflict in the face of the attitude of the Israeli Government , which systematically ignored international law and the agreements signed by it from the Gaza agreement ; the conflict in Western Sahara and the military occupation of the northern part of the northern part of the southern Cyprus .
The list of agreements is an important list .
However , this is right , which is usually being respected in some countries .
You have only six times .
With almost 40 million of the euro , we are helping approximately EUR 7 million to workers in the labour market .
The proceeds themselves must most effect on the part of the large results of companies .
I also believe that , in this situation , when people are being detained in this region , we should oppose all manifestations of violence that impede civilians from leaving the conflict .
The most serious difficulty we are facing with regard to the United States is that they will not even pass on necessary national legislation until December .
Under the proposal submitted , Member States should be allowed to exempt some enterprises ( micro-entities ) from the obligation to draw up annual accounts .
Only full compliance with the commitments made can and - so is honest - it must lead Turkey down the road to its accession .
First , this means that the problem of exceptions is not resolved and their use under the existing directive will continue without a definite date for their abolition , without a certain amount of monitoring restrictions and without any special control .
The markets are not currently speculating against the euro , but about differences in the euro .
Mr President , the action plan that we are going to adopt aims to build , strengthen , strengthen , strengthen and furthering a strong European judicial culture , a European legal thinking .
Moreover , Member States must ensure that there is no need to ensure that there is no infringement proceedings in breach of Article 3 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights , which obliges the Member States to ensure that no person should be extradited back to their country if they are put at risk of persecution or serious attacks after their return .
Recent events in Egypt and other countries of North Africa and the Middle East have increased the flow of legal and illegal migrants to Europe .
These trade deficits have contributed to global imbalances , which are at the root of the global economic crisis .
I therefore believe that the EU should fully respect national history , culture and forcefully refuse to punish Member States who uphold their right to their own design and character , including the Christian heritage and Christian heritage .
Instead , in my opinion , if the economies of the euro want to remain in the euro area , they must be subject to strict budgetary control .
The three languages in the proposal are chosen in three languages ( English , French and German ) , all the other languages remain at second .
I could cite many examples from the Member States of the European Union , including my own country , where , for example , the European Union 's own , for example , which has received a visa from a type of enterprise that is issued by type of nonsense , can not do its main job .
Viktor Orbán for me was a politician who pays respect .
Instead of undemocratic and restrictive policies , Commissioner , I wish to express ...
Unfortunately , I have not received a reply from you , I hope that will happen now .
We will vote on a resolution on this issue .
Be it , a banking tax , banking levy and other similar - will certainly be charged with the taxpayer .
The EIB 's external policies to support the Union 's external policies must continue to be carried out according to the principles of sound banking practices .
I think that it will be worth for many years .
I do not think that the European Union is a modern version of the <UNK> of <UNK> ; it is merely an institution that embodies the principles of solidarity and subsidiarity , which defends human rights and is committed to safeguarding the social market economy , and the very market is a means of creating social policy ; so there is a tool for creating social policy ; here , we simply protect the rights of half a European Union living in our Union .
I would like to return to it .
It is a prerequisite for strengthening growth that creates jobs .
Surely , we should wait until June to take this decision ?
I voted emphatically in favour of its adoption .
This , as well as CIA flights , secret prisons and disastrous consequences of the moment of America operations in the Middle East , should not be forgotten during the debate .
Of course , the victims of victims deserve our sympathy , consolation and solidarity , but we also need to be aware that the popular Roma nation today is a highly divided .
The vote will take place on Wednesday , 9 March 2011 , at 30 noon .
I therefore propose that the issue of the pilot figure be presented in Doha as a useful contribution to the debate .
I am pleased to say that I am involved in the voluntary pension scheme with other newly elected Members , and I intend to vote against my own interests and I intend to vote against the interests of taxpayers .
In its Communication of 23 February 2009 , entitled 'An Community approach to the prevention of natural and man-made disasters ' , the Commission , among other things , adopted the task of coordinating the available and existing sources of information on preventative measures and catastrophes .
We must make sure that they know how much they cost they cost them , what quality and safety standards can expect them to be , in case a problem .
According to the Commission , 18 and 2007 in the European Union are recorded 18 deaths , 18 deaths are recorded in the European Union .
I welcome the measures that you have taken to try to exacerbate the plight of dairy farmers .
The market is free only when the rules are clear , apply to everyone and effectively apply .
The outcome of the Cancún conference is now important for the European Union , both in terms of visibility and in terms of results .
The debate is closed .
I will be very brief .
Does the Commission give this a strong thought to this ?
However , it was necessary to update VAT against the current situation in the current VAT exemption so as to minimise the risk of VAT fraud to a compulsory minimum of quantity .
For 50 years , Europe has enjoyed prosperity and we are obliged to continue to make this prosperity today for the sake of our citizens .
Most of the Member States no longer eligible the conditions required for the OECD and development following 1970 and we are faced with new exceptional cases , without having new funds .
Furthermore , cooperation with Russia will play a very important role , a very important role , a unequivocal role , in the current serious economic crisis .
Some Members of the European Parliament are mistaken to say that Europe of health is already a reality ' .
Agreement between the EC and the Republic of air services ( vote )
I hope that the informal Employment Ministers ' informal summit will end with concrete results in this area .
Why should airlines be given compensation ?
We have more resources , and although we never achieve a huge number of accidents , we can do much to reduce the number of victims .
I am afraid such changes will distort the Internet and may cause adverse consequences for the European Union economy . '
Instead , we must equip ourselves with Russia and Belarus , which are , in fact , a European historical , religious , military and geopolitical plan .
There is , for this , a simple reason .
Secondly , subsidiarity and languages .
Which then does it prevent Gilad Shalit from Gilad Shalit and all those who have not been proven guilty by the courts ?
That is the definition of the United Nations in the Pacific .
Project bonds are an excellent solution to the funding and are at the heart of the infrastructure that Europe needs in order to modernise and make full use of the potential of the internal market .
Furthermore , can the Commission indicate what Parliament will play and the stakeholders , such as the trade union , in connection with a possible proposal or a decision to end the agreement ?
Such development will threaten wages and the conditions for Canadian workers .
We must aim to ensure that there is a research programme that helps these resources to help these resources to be used in a way that most environmentally sustainable in the most environmentally sustainable and is as sustainable as possible .
I would like to assure the family of Ms Saberi in our solidarity and the strong commitment of the European Parliament to ensure the unconditional respect for human rights and democracy in Iran and the world .
The first pillar acts as a counterbalance to restrictions on which European agriculture operates against other agricultural regions around the world , and the second pillar includes setting up a set of measures to enable Member States to ensure that agriculture receives additional aid that they allow it to carry out on .
I share the rapporteur 's concerns in the economic and financial crisis that we are experiencing and the increased investment .
Of course , this is not the case that private airline owners , but people who are usually not so wealthy and who have been saving for months to buy a ticket ticket abroad .
It is also clear that there is an urgent need to take place discussions on the new sources of the Union budget .
I would like to have someone else when we are holding , because sometimes it is not very easy for us to be a <UNK> and to be alone .
The problem is that planning that is taking place there or more precisely a lack of planning , simply must not be repeated .
This report calls for new rules and corporate social responsibility , which are key elements of any future future agreement .
Transfers of appropriations : see Minutes
That is what I am really sure and sincerely .
If you will allow me , I will continue with the second question .
This is related to procedural rights and the right to legal protection .
The European Union unreservedly considers progress , especially in terms of human rights , equality between social fabric , the protection of freedom of expression , freedom of the press and freedom of religion .
These images have identified two alarming tendencies : with the aid of Islamist organisations , there is a growing world gradually being of increasing considerably more controlling immigrants ; the extreme movements and the extreme Communist Left are complicit in <UNK> to undermine our civilisation .
If Europe wants to listen to the citizens , let us take into account the French and Dutch 'no ' of the European Constitution and abandon the Lisbon Treaty , which is a clear division of the Constitution .
We are devoting significant means to Kosovo under the IPA instrument as part of the EUR 1.2 billion , agreed at the conference of 1.2 billion in July 2008 .
I think the enhanced cooperation procedure is used unilaterally .
Unfortunately , the world of computers is precisely the extent to which the parents are not able to <UNK> their children .
I am convinced that this agreement represents an important step forward and that the framework agreement on data protection between the European Union and the United States , which requires additional negotiations and may be understood .
We are actually allowed , however , to establish a group of private microcredit banks , saying that they can sell their children from the moment to come to their birth and use them to treat them for treatment in the future if they had to be .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , there is a fundamental understanding of progress in the implementation of stem cells for therapeutic purposes .
However , I expect and the European Union 's public to realise our responsibilities in relation to all those who look after their resources .
The Declaration of Madrid , adopted in February by the Spanish Presidency , established a road map for implementing this policy .
People are accepting what they know , but everything goes beyond their <UNK> .
There is still much inequality in Europe in terms of women 's detriment and women in terms of employment , their privacy , their privacy , their health and their right to access to education and vocational training , as well as to the filling of jobs in the sectors of the sectors of the sectors and of high responsibility .
Today , over 5.5 million young people under 25 are unemployed ( 21.4 % ) , which is doubly more than the overall unemployment rate .
A unanimous agreement was reached between European governments and the Commission , along with the proposal that Eurocontrol should act in this way .
As far as public procurement is concerned , they are indeed the <UNK> of our work in the Member States .
Just as we welcome the recent adoption of a resolution on the condemnation of human rights violations in Libya , we must take the same firm stance on the continuing illegal coexistence of occupied territories in Palestine .
I would like to know from him if his colleague , Angela Merkel , is using such <UNK> words in relation to Russia 's recent meeting with Mr Putin .
I would like to say my gratitude to the United States and to the other nations in NATO for doing so that you are helping us to get the ground .
Despite the problems , Macedonia remains a stable country in the region , there are good relations with neighbouring countries , and I believe that it is firmly the road to the EU .
In my opinion , because we have two different approaches , we also need a dual legal basis .
There are scientists that translate into these <UNK> links , and we should have one <UNK> , <UNK> towards Copenhagen .
Small enterprises are crucial .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , thank you , rapporteur , for the excellent work done on the European Union 's membership of the European Union in the Convention on Human Rights , which is in favour of European citizens : thanks to the convention , it will be in favour of the European citizens ' convention , which will be a guarantee of this that the rights of European citizens will be always respected by the European Union and the Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the purpose of this proposal for a regulation is to include some of the recommendations adopted by the General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean ( GFCM ) in order to improve legal certainty while at the same time taking a major step towards simplification .
This remains a complicated issue , because the problem is complex .
Last month , Parliament called on the Commission and the Council to stop simply using mere words and to take some action .
It upholds the objectives included in the road map of Bali , industrialised countries to reduce emissions by 80 % by 2050 .
However , I firmly believe that this improved agreement , unlike the strong interim agreement of last February , is worthy of the agreement of Parliament .
Therefore , a reasonable and well-considered process of optimising the legal framework for public procurement is essential to the welfare of citizens , consumers and businesses of the European Union , as well as to national , regional and local authorities .
I think it was a good idea for the Commission to attend this ban today to report on the ban on the use of <UNK> eggs for hens , which will come into force from January 2012 .
The banks in Central and Eastern Europe , which have proved to be stable did not get any capital from anyone .
I believe that there is a need for much more active research activities in order to measure environmental and climate impact on employment and employment , and I would like the Commission to give a priority to this area as part of the Eighth Framework Programme .
in writing . - ( LT ) I welcome this document , because it advocates the urban dimension of cohesion policy focusing on three objectives : firstly , to help urban areas to develop their basic physical infrastructure as a prerequisite for growth , so as to fully utilise their full physical infrastructure as a prerequisite for growth , so as fully exploiting them fully into growth in Europe , diversification of economic base and environmental sustainability and environmental sustainability , in particular in view of maintaining the development and improvement of electricity in urban centres , without causing them to improve their electricity , socially and environmental performance through the development and safety and social characteristics of young areas , while also taking into account young areas of young areas , while also including the need to foster urban areas of living and environmental development , in the development of Europe , social and environmental and also in order to be closely integrated urban areas , while also in order to be developed in the development of Europe , in order to be developed areas of energy and in the development of young areas of Europe , while also exploiting the development of young areas of young and in the development of young areas of young areas , while also taking into account .
However , in a Union where internal borders are actually erased , Europe must equip itself with the money to achieve its ambitions .
It is very important to specify the size of carbon footprint and , moreover , to identify what costs it will cost .
The objectives set must be chosen to achieve the appropriate partnerships .
The main aim is to ensure compliance with the provisions of the protocol of 2007 , thereby ensuring that the ozone layer can recover and can be avoided on human health and ecosystems .
We are talking about the development of certification systems .
Mr President , as the <UNK> of the <UNK> minority group , national communities and languages , I strongly condemn the actions taken by the Belarusian authorities against the largest organisation of the Polish minority and against members of the <UNK> community .
By prior examining the work of the prosecutor 's signature , before the end of the investigation , we remove the tests .
Mr President , this is a kind of humiliating name .
The internal market can be consolidated by encouraging cross-border transactions , and I believe that this report can help achieve this objective .
Declaration of financial interests : see Minutes
The same is the same as other matters that I will not mention here .
The loss of income has not been compensated by the aid provided by the Member States .
I would like to point out that it is impossible to exacerbate the trend for poverty growth for one year .
All the more important issues of sport , issues relating to education and training , are , without doubt , important and I believe that education is even more important for our common European identity .
The transposition of the directive on the recognition of professional qualifications can not be called success and I will once again allow myself to call on this piece of enterprise for the two directives , because without any progress in the internal market .
The weight of the burden is therefore down to those countries who wish to engage in limited use of DCM and which must prove that relocation will be used in the most effective way possible and will ensure the protection of workers .
When land in which land in any part of the world may actually lead to absolute confusion throughout the market , it is not a situation that we can afford to continue .
I believe that , within the framework of the European integration , the common market should also be removed within the next years limits to access to the domestic markets of the Member States .
The handling of the deficiencies of the Court of specific deficiencies in areas where most of the problems , in which most of them , are identified , is a priority .
This type of legislation is lacking in some countries of the European Union .
I hope that the result of these efforts will be satisfactory .
I voted in favour of this resolution , I congratulate the rapporteur and am proud that I am the first Member of the European Parliament from Slovakia , who triggered a debate on multilingualism within the framework of written declaration .
First , this regional approach should have a bearing on alternative criteria such as the sectors with added value .
The Spanish Presidency therefore included the development of electric vehicles among its priorities , combining an alternative way of transport , in order to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels on the basis of oil in the transport sector and thus making a sixth transition to an energy-efficient and environmentally sustainable transition system .
The 20 % energy efficiency target by 20 % is most concerned .
( PL ) From slow economic growth in Europe and the recession can be made too different lessons .
However , as usual , fellow Members use the plight of women and girls to raise the issue of abortion , such as <UNK> in the report <UNK> sexual and reproductive rights ' report .
I believe that mutual recognition of prescriptions between Member States is very important , because it is not just about health care , but also about follow-up , but also about subsequent care , but we have a period in which this dossier can be <UNK> .
Civil protection should be <UNK> on its preparation for floods and droughts .
It is therefore necessary to create a European strategy for these industries , in which they have the opportunity to enable their own potential and to gain recognition as a substitute for their dual role as a bearers of culture and the engine of employment and jobs .
We also have the annual growth survey , and we will now have national reform programmes , which will very clearly indicate what their objectives will be and how we hope that they achieve them .
Ladies and gentlemen , the order was set aside beforehand and listened attentively , but I would ask the rapporteur to take the floor .
Finally , I must say that I was very impressed by the phrase that he used President Obama in his speech when he said that she had a Nobel Prize when she said that it is important to continue with the commitment , in relations with the repressive regimes , there is no real indignation in relations with the necessary regimes .
I voted for this resolution because it proposes a common ban on the use of cyanide technologies in the European Union by the end of 2011 and because I understand that a ban is currently the only reliable way of protecting our marine resources and ecosystems from pollution caused by cyanide in mines .
We will do everything possible to ensure appropriate traceability .
I regret that this conflict is not yet resolved , but I can assure the honourable Member that we are trying , along with our Czech Members , to find a solution as soon as possible .
Or can the Commissioner be <UNK> ?
- Before the vote on paragraph 8 :
We fully respect the use of the radio spectrum for the radio and cultural activities : this must be crystal clear .
I have a commitment to keep as soon as possible and ex-post assessments on our agreements are possible .
However , the European Parliament has adopted a proposal for which we voted for , extending to 2018 , to extend aid until 2018 .
In 2010 , the EIB has granted loans to projects which contribute to a direct reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of almost EUR 20 billion , which is close to nearly 30 % of the total of the total appropriations granted .
That is absolutely vital .
In line with what has been said so far , Parliament has repeatedly expressed its support for the current Mercosur delegation , the delegation for relations with Mercosur , the Delegation for the <UNK> Parliamentary Assembly and plenary sessions of a number of parliamentary part-sessions .
The year 2007 was 2007 , when compared to 34 % compared to the period <UNK> .
I believe my opinion on this matter , including in my capacity as a member of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , is shared by my fellow Members .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
It is clear that animal testing regulations must be amended , but European research should not suffer negative consequences from the new legislation .
However , during the dialogue with the Council on this report , it is clear that the call from Parliament will not receive a response .
Thank you for your remarks .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to state : Spain has always shown its unreserved support to the Treaty of Lisbon .
Commissioner , it is interesting to know how the Commission is attempting to face these problems in the long term .
Some previous speakers have criticised and the President , and the High Representative , who I consider to be quite irrelevant .
Finally , I am proud of the present explanation , within the framework of the current explanation of vote , that , together with all the Members from Parliament and all the political groups , we voted unanimously , because in this matter , we obviously had unanimity rather than disputes .
It is very important that such proportionality and equal treatment be realised in foreign service .
In Germany , there are the creation of the so-called <UNK> banks ' ; in the countries of <UNK> , it does everything in the world .
It is necessary to convince the Member States to agree on easier procedures for the recognition of educational qualifications , irrespective of the State in which they have received .
The Unfair Commercial Practices Directive and the directive on misleading and comparative advertising have a greater significance in terms of this consumers having greater certainty and ensure legal certainty for companies in the internal market .
The legal framework of the free movement of workers and employees is established in a regulation ( EEC ) No <UNK> of the Council on the free movement of workers in the Community , and has already been modified many times .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
The struggling workers are protesting against the measures taken by the government , workers who neither work less nor are they stuck in their fellow Members ; you can see that you can see the figures .
in writing . - ( EL ) The Greek Communist Party MEPs voted against the motion for a resolution by the political parties in the European Parliament calling for the immediate release of all detainees detained arrested and detained by the United States in the camp in Guantánamo , as well as the immediate and final closure of the Guantánamo base , which they also still hold illegally on to the unhappy territory of the Cuban people and their government .
Lastly , the cohesion policy mechanism is a successful and generally good one , and overall , it must be increased transparency and reduced bureaucracy .
The principle of solidarity must provide a platform for developing the European Union 's energy policies .
That is why my colleague , Vice-President Reding , is now proposing a strategy that will call for a <UNK> between the sexes in company management .
We expect Europe to take a leading role in Copenhagen on climate change issues ; we can do such a good job and with the ratification of all ILO conventions .
Among these include issues of access to jobs and detention in the context of the directive on reception conditions and how best to respond to the needs of Member States which are in particular pressure in the context of the Dublin Regulation .
The Member States involved in the bilateral loan have agreed in March to reduce the interest rate by 1 % and to extend the debt to the debt of the bank .
Among these , the establishment of a permanent mechanism for the protection of the euro against speculative attacks , monitoring of the activities of the current rating agencies and , potentially , creating a European agency for rating agencies .
The figures speak for themselves .
Moreover , I believe that the Council also realised the importance of the proposal in terms of highlighting the need for a new integrated reference .
That is all , Mr President , Mr Maystadt , Commissioner , who I wished to say in the opening of the debate .
This , on the one hand , but I will also observe a number of social , environmental and economic criteria , as I am committed to speeding up any preliminary evaluation of all acts .
The crisis has caused some urgent concerns for municipalities , workers and businesses throughout Europe .
This has thus become the urgent need to establish procedures to combat the illegal trade in timber by carrying out a better analysis and control of often complicated trade flows .
Subject : Cybercrime
I see that the <UNK> and the <UNK> here in plenary or those who think are regarded as such do not know that the rapporteur is prepared to make a mockery after the report has not been discussed in plenary .
( DE ) Mr President , I wonder why I am afraid that the Commission does not always want to make matters to the European Parliament .
I firmly believe that Romania 's maritime border , for example , has been better protected than similar borders to other countries in the Schengen area .
The assistance and advice of the Commission from <UNK> will be important in order to ensure that this happens in a way that meets European standards , using the best expertise .
The current cycle of reporting , which I consider appropriate and I do not understand why it is necessary to introduce a new three-year cycle , which will end up being the case will prove to be more satisfactory .
However , it is necessary to ensure that , as a result , small businesses will not be forced to stop travelling to rural locations due to bureaucratic treatment or highly increased costs for insurance .
Mr President , Commissioner , I have asked to discuss contacts between the institutions of the European Union and its citizens .
These inspection are essential .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of this resolution because I believe that it is necessary to create a system for supervising and supervising credit rating agencies .
They are the most stable soldiers and used civilians as a human shield , but this is by no means demonstrating the responsibility of the state authorities in this case .
Sometimes we should go back to pressure if the ordinary arguments fail .
Perhaps , if we had introduced it in European politics , we would not have been here .
On the other hand , I voted in favour of references to the challenges facing agriculture as a result of climate change , as I believe that the regions affected must be duly compensated .
No lasting , serious or coherent solution to the problem of climate change can be found in the logic of the system that is being politicised .
We must give full support to those countries who have no conditions , based or the opportunity to provide assistance to their citizens .
The large-scale collapse has a particularly strong impact on the SME sector , which provides the majority of jobs , and now it is a significant quantity of workers that are affected as a result of export and reducing export opportunities .
The regime has grounds to fear .
That is the most comprehensive instruments that we will propose .
Of course , this would be contrary to the new framework directive on electronic communications .
International trade has become a form of new foreign policy and could help create better living conditions throughout the region .
They are houses that they have bought in good faith and not even receiving compensation for this .
For this reason , I am not prepared to talk about the reports that are before us today .
I would like to note three violations of religious freedom as a way of appeal to the Council and the Commission , here , united in a person - you , High Representative - to give a voice to vote and thus to show the people of those who are and all other persecuted .
Respect for fundamental human rights in all the countries of Europe is at the heart of EU cooperation .
The solutions we took here were fundamental and important .
Food security is a fundamental human right , which is achieved when all people have physical , social and economic access to sufficient food .
I would recommend it to them .
The Member States should thoroughly study this strategy and create as soon as possible , an administrative body tasked with implementing the strategy and coordination with the other Member States .
It was not time to give our support to this report .
We have not introduced a duty to all documents , but only to those who are essential to enable human beings to be able to understand what happens to it or her .
The interests and ideas can be seen as a step in the European Union and so it should be .
We will continue to improve the very open and <UNK> attitude that you have built .
European farmers are already making efforts to ensure safe products , using techniques which do not harm the environment and comply with animal welfare standards .
I am sure that Mrs Malmström will be a Vice-President/High Representative .
I therefore think it is right to put an end to public subsidies for uncompetitive mines in 2014 .
More effective coordination between the measures taken by the United States and those taken by the EU .
They need the rule of law , good governance , transparency , transparency , we need our experience as partners .
This unprecedented economic crisis , which severely hit , is a disaster that is causing disaster to developing countries .
The fact that the Members of this House voted against the report was a surprise and clear sign of the risk that can not be ignored .
There is no excuse ; there is no justification .
Unfortunately , European political leaders who embarked on the island have not to meet representatives of dissidents who , for this reason , have been isolated .
You specifically raised the issue of the situation of the islands and Lampedusa .
We agree with what it has said .
The negotiations between the EU and Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) continue two decades to try and negotiate a free-trade agreement .
I believe that the allegations directed at Romania are also directed towards the EU .
To this end , as regards the content , we need to consider two main aspects in order to achieve success in implementation .
( NL ) Madam President , the European Parliament and the Member States apply double standards .
The average age of patients involved in clinical trials with treatments for the increased <UNK> is 63 , and , at the same time , 44 % of patients are above the age when they are first known for them .
The Commission , although not other complaints have received in the implementation of electronic communication in Bulgaria , will continue to monitor the current situation in order to ensure compliance with EU law .
As for the subject of genetically modified organisms , I would like to remind Parliament that the Union and Canada have signed a cross-party solution to overcoming these differences .
Taking into account the developments and the need for a more coordinated approach to the criminal procedures and procedures for risk management , the Commission launched the initiative , during the weekend , in conjunction with the Spanish Presidency and Eurocontrol , to propose a coordinated European approach .
However , there is a need for money and research .
Madam President , Commissioner , the most important sentence of the resolution is paragraph 7 , which reads : 'In <UNK> , in line with the principles of better regulation , everyone future legislation should be accompanied by a complete impact assessment of regulatory and administrative burdens , and to ensure that any new law is realistically a failed ' .
One example of this is the declaration signed by the Gdańsk signed by the President of Poland , Alexander <UNK> , and the President of Germany , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
Yesterday , during my 40-year talks with the Prime Minister of Japan , I assure me that it also wishes to cooperate with us , including in international efforts , which are due to be made in the G8 and the G20 to achieve higher levels of nuclear safety in the world .
The answer was preceded by two parts : 'No ' for the least developed countries and Economic Partnership Agreements for developing countries from the ACP countries .
We must ensure that this is a common struggle , which of course has the objective and elimination of all forms of discrimination .
In these principles , quality standards are particularly important for quality of products and production conditions , including from the point of view of the fight against climate change and the reduction in CO2 emissions .
The new rules will reduce bureaucracy , including through mutual recognition of regulatory solutions to each of the countries and will make it more difficult to extract resources .
I understand that , in the process of electing the commissioners , I see that there is no room for manoeuvre .
Of course , we have thought about the quality and we want to see fit in the European Union and look at the European Union 's attention to be focused and to be more acceptable .
We therefore very much welcome all your comments .
The next item is the statement by the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on the situation in Iraq .
Between 1990 and 2005 emissions have risen by 32 % .
The funding for the needs arising from the EU 's enlargement of Croatia and the adjustments under the Treaty of Lisbon will be integrated into the Charter or amending budget .
That is why it is important to agree at first reading .
It is through analytical that the institutions are gaining legitimacy within the European body , not through ...
It is clear that volcanoes continue to exist , as well as the Icelandic volcano .
Would the country manage to integrate so briefly for so short term time ?
This is the right path to take , and we should , in the future , pay particular attention to the rights of artists and piracy .
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group . - ( NL ) Mr President , Palestine is undoubtedly an Islamic territory .
It is not proposed that another text , which is replaced by Paragraph 9 .
However , all our children are at risk , as victims of sexual exploitation of children and child pornography are being glossed .
On the basis of these financial instruments and in the budget forecast for 2014-2020 , the Commission must also decide on a solution to gas from alternative sources which could have a significant impact on the European gas market and energy market .
The European Union must therefore adopt an industrial policy that combines competitiveness , sustainability and decent working conditions .
It is important that we are fully aware of the situation based on accurate data on the Fukushima nuclear power station .
The European Union has committed itself to the strengthening of its contribution to international coordination and the High Representative and Vice-President is very interested in this .
The threshold for sexual crimes should also be harmonised .
We protect free access to our cultural heritage and daily solidarity between generations and neighbours .
We must bear in mind that there are also more pragmatic species , such as tuna , and that every year , according to scientific criteria , for example , scientific criteria are set for next year .
Minister , I welcome the <UNK> and - if I may say so - wise analyses both of Mr López Garrido and the Commissioner Olli Rehn , whom I wish to congratulate him and wish him every success in his new position .
We were the first organisation to have been in cooperation in 2006 and an agreement with the Court of Justice , providing the International Criminal Court with complete political and diplomatic support through démarches , political dialogues and statements .
We also need to ensure that there is some clarity as regards funding .
Passengers travelling for part of these journeys on a long distance are also covered .
So what is trying to prove ?
How could it be the reason for such a disparity between official statistics and the observations of the medical workers ?
If we are not able today to ask ourselves questions about the scope of effective pressure and implementation mechanisms , I really do not know what kind of situation you are going to take action at last .
The European Union needs a new , medium-term vision for growth and development , combined with a judicious collection and reallocation of financial resources .
The question is : who is responsible and who - the financial burden ?
Although Members of the European Parliament have a fundamental role in policy area , we must always be able to play a role in this work .
In the open society , and , in particular , during the development of the <UNK> communication , the database for data storage and the centre of data processing could be located on different places , and even in different countries .
Unfortunately , and this year , the Council 's representatives have been reiterating the invitation of the technical committee .
Unfortunately , I am voting for the vote because , when you go to the Chamber , you have not worked .
For these reasons , I decided to vote in favour of the provision as a whole .
Of course , we must combat cyber crime and crimes which exploit children and young people .
Compared to the other Member States , I feel that it is sometimes a third or , at the same time , that is not the option .
Let me also thank the shadow rapporteurs for their constructive support .
Transport is another area where it will be necessary to fundamentally amend and improve the competitive environment .
The number of latter is quite significant .
We also need independent supervisory structures to ensure the quality of the EIB 's results and compliance with its own country of conduct .
One example of specific actions during our Presidency in the field of road safety is the final negotiations between the Council and Parliament on a proposal for a regulation on the safety requirements for motor vehicles .
When will we have a European credit rating agency ?
( FR ) Mr President , Mr Rehn , as you know , there are two ways of reducing deficits .
The statistical data were also discussed .
Indeed , this report on equality between women and men , which we are voting on every year , has particular significance for me .
It is therefore a radical reform in social housing and in the country 's objectives of common interest and , in my opinion , it is a restrictive definition of what social services of general interest are of general interest .
Such a measure will help to eliminate poverty and will give the elderly the opportunity to live in dignity .
This is not good enough , because Article 9 is prepared to push the European Union 's objectives , as laid down in Article 3 of the Treaty .
However , the 'Innovation Union ' will only succeed if it is implemented jointly with the Member States and regions .
It is more for large farms that are expected to be more in jobs and the environment .
The Commission , together with the Council and the European Parliament , must develop this phase and the most energy-efficient and tangible indicators for the Member States .
We will have to find long-term solutions in relation to the debate that we are about to start on the new common agricultural policy .
The next item is voting time .
Many remain unanswered .
This is a serious process in which experience plays an increasingly important role .
In the information provided to the Council , the Commission also said that it will ensure that the provisions of the Treaty on Accession and that it maintains their right to demand clarification from Member States that continue to apply restrictions .
Above all , we must think about the social dimension : it is about people and we must ensure that they are retained , they will feel good and will have professional recognition and professional opportunities to survive .
We share your concerns for the engines .
I am in favour of continuing quotas .
In fact , I disagree with the one-size-fits-all approach , which often proved incapable of meeting the needs of the African country , including in terms of institutions , and the private sector .
There are no more obstacles to a closed exchange of good practice or best practice between parties .
The first concerns research , in particular , the sixth and the seventh framework programmes .
My committee is now beginning to doubt whether safety , in particular , is taking into account the freight , is starting to compromise from the inability to implement European legislation .
I therefore very much welcome your efforts and experience and I would like to congratulate you personally .
It is perhaps not the situation in Malta , where I understand , is particularly difficult , but I think everybody in the European Union is bad , and I think that we need to work together .
The main aim of this document is to assist Bulgaria 's efforts to decommission 4 of its 4 <UNK> units .
Unfortunately , it fails to visit the opposition , which would otherwise have been something of common sense .
I have already mentioned the Commission 's progress report .
They are used almost in all areas of human activity , and they therefore need to ensure maximum clarity in their use and to establish rules for using them in the European Union in the area of the economy , public health , public health , public safety and administrative activities .
I remind you all that the process of Turkey 's accession to the EU remains of strategic importance to the European Union .
We must respect our commitments to the countries of the South , making a distinction between the different categories of the South , because there is real China and Africa that can not be placed on the same basket .
We must send out a clear and consistent political message to the Commission and our citizens .
Annual Report on Human rights in the world and EU policy in this area ( debate )
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to begin - and not because of the demands of the label - and I express my sincere gratitude to the Vice-President of the Commissioner Verheugen , the Commission , its officials , the Czech Presidency , the Czech Presidency , who unfortunately can not be with us today and the members of the Committee on the positive and positive and fruitful cooperation on this dossier .
It is true that the Court has indicated its record , the Court points out errors and irregularities in respect of these funds .
However , what will you have to do in June with regard to the 2020 strategy ?
The summit must serve as a review of energy security policy , which must be applied based on the criteria of interdependence , transparency , guaranteed supply and the fight against climate change , as well as improving energy efficiency .
Under Rule 140 of the Rules of Procedure , the proposal is put to the vote .
That is the world 's largest number of victims of journalists in the world .
Until now , the UN Maritime Law and the Law of the Sea Agreement have been sufficient to regulate the exploitation of natural resources in the North Atlantic Ocean and the seabed .
Agenda for next part-session : see Minutes
Moreover , I believe that the argument presented at this point that there is no agenda for absurd .
I ask you : firstly , will you take action now , not only in order to monitor closely the countries , but also in order to monitor the markets closely and , if , what actions ?
Today , there are many money on the table , but they are actually intended to calm the financial markets , whereas people are living on the train .
However , recognising the existing controversy arising from differences of interest and priorities , in my opinion , does not lead to the conclusion that the European Union does not have a place in the world or even that it should be imposed on the world or even its own history .
We still have farmers who wish and can produce food .
In short , if we want to succeed , we need to be the European regions , the European regions , of towns and cities , and of a reformed cohesion policy in accordance with the new situation .
Now it is time to behave responsibly and responsibly .
This is the price we will show that we are united in the principles that we are so often claiming that we are in order to criticise the principles of others .
I have all the declarations of the European Union 's budget , I believe that all the declarations that are being applied to this budget for the financial year 2011 - because , yes , a budget itself is political - as Parliament has revealed political priorities - whether they are in the budget - whether they are on own resources , the Commission 's own added letter - or in the context of this joint statement , which is also important and which has already been followed by the Belgian Prime Minister , this statement , the President of the European Union , I believe that all these statements are going on in the right direction .
He has no tracking structure , and so he can counter him to an extraordinary effort by the <UNK> .
Other amendments also have an increasing impact on people of the Arctic , biological diversity and the landscape , both in land and in the sea .
In view of the improvements made by means of the text , we will vote in favour .
We must push for the development of the civil dimension of the process of the process of <UNK> peace and peacekeeping missions and also of the crisis management of the crisis and the reconstruction of the crisis .
Mr President , I abstained on this issue for two reasons .
Both North and South Sudan must be managed on the basis of the principles of democracy and the rule of law , with respect for human rights and social and economic rights .
The consolidation measures taken by Greece are essential to strengthen fiscal sustainability and market confidence , and I warmly welcomed the Commission , the European Central Bank and the IMF .
The Council should be aware that the European Parliament does not want an independent European supervisory architecture and the ESRB to be created by the pro-Europe or by the <UNK> , but with the conviction of all parties .
Nobody can defined sexual orientation or discrimination based on sexual orientation .
The Commission is pleased that criminal sanctions for particularly serious cases , which are required for these penalties are both necessary and suitable .
Every region , every citizen , every citizen , we need us .
Adjournment of the session
The application fulfils the eligibility criteria established by the EGF Regulation , which is why I voted in favour of the mobilisation of the Fund .
I would therefore like to call on the Member States to implement the directives properly for equal treatment between men and women in the areas of employment .
Once again , I congratulate you and , at this difficult time , I hope that you will be able to resolve these issues and also to prepare the next summit next three months .
We take the view of the Commissioner 's standpoint not only because we agree with it , but also because it is a goal that the world can not afford to fail .
What do you think that we need to change in the way we have to do our job ?
In our opinion , farmers must be the most suited to the public .
Information and promotion measures for agricultural products on the internal market and in third countries ( debate )
I therefore appreciate what I have been said today and I think that , from now on , we should continue to address the financial terrorists of the rating agencies and speculators that cause chaos in the lives of the people and try to overthrow sovereign governments .
You are all victims of great blackmail .
The resource of resources , as you said , is another factor which exacerbates the conflict .
Finally , it aims to make all Member States mandatory to introduce a State of medical assistance - namely access to free access for illegal migrants .
We have reached 28 compromise ; compromises that , rather than <UNK> , have broken the strategic vision that we have sought to give to this report , our commitment to the Mediterranean .
In fact , this mainly concerns the flow of energy generated by primary energy sources .
I am happy to give you a longer and more detailed answer on this in written form , if I sent a letter to me in writing a short time to make it even within the mandate of the present Commission .
To close the debate , my fellow countrymen is very unusual in the heat , and I am here as a Vice-Chair of the Czech Republic ; I am here as a Deputy Prime Minister of the Czech Republic ; my brother and my friends are also in an excellent form .
The transport sector contributes to the development and competitiveness of the European Union and to completion of the internal market , impacting citizens ' quality of life .
Yes , I have one question on Belarus .
In the European Union , we should always strive for better regulation .
For its part , the Commission must ensure appropriate levels of funding .
The Commission 's proposal for a directive is therefore a positive step .
Governments and taxpayers had to bail out banking sector in the European Union with a <UNK> of around EUR <UNK> .
The security of the European public assets is a public good thing , which is too great to be attached to the <UNK> of the proposed directive .
There is much talk of the economy , integration and foreign policy , which is obviously important .
In addition , in order to the objectives of combating unemployment among the elderly , as well as to promoting employment for older citizens , it is imperative to encourage recognition of national qualifications between Member States and to encourage certification after the conversion of skills obtained through informal skills .
We will not have a debate in plenary .
All over the world are focused on the EU model and it is intergovernmental , because we have more streamlined and binding agreements .
In addition , we need to know how the operational and subsequent costs of this institution are to be covered .
It is true that Switzerland should pay for 600 million <UNK> per year to access , but the Scottish Government is considering that it is not a member of the European Union , worth of EUR 3.4 billion per year or a net sum of 150 billion in the year , or a sum of EUR 2.8 billion in the year .
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the <UNK> years ago , my fellow countrymen of Eastern Germany had been able to travel .
It is therefore increasingly important for Europe to finally equip itself with an effective tool .
At present , the German Government is reviewing its multiannual programme so we will have to wait until the end of this year , before we start discussing this important section .
Why can the 27 European countries not agree on a strategy ?
In view of this , I do not see any reason to vote against the mobilisation of the fund in this case .
The Member States are not particularly satisfied .
The inclusion of civil society in the course of the agreement with Cameroon represents a positive indication of this .
Nothing , nothing .
Serbia , which is characterised by a Christian tradition , is constantly demonstrating its good intentions .
Particular attention must be focused on less favoured areas , particularly of mountain regions and small farms .
I would like to start positively with what I think are the most effective and most effective achievements of the 2011 budget and those that are particularly important for European citizens .
However , I have a number of complaints from the Schengen acquis .
Unfortunately , Kyrgyzstan 's tragic legacy shows how poor governance and the lack of reform can lead to political instability and , ultimately , to violence .
In addition , in the interests of social justice and ethical justice , the differential between the highest and lowest pay gap must be acceptable .
In my country - Germany - probably not .
My final comment is this : this climate conference is closed .
I think it should be taken into account .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank everyone for a proper debate , as well as for the support that has been given to me .
However , I would like to point out that such important measures like those we are discussing today require more time for complacency and discussions ; the short time for manoeuvre that we had imposed on the deadlines is completely inadequate .
The ultimate aim , as was reiterated by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , is to achieve a level of WEEE of WEEE of 85 % by 2016 and a level of recycling between 50 % and 75 % in line with the category .
What we need is to denounce the neoliberal practice of the collapse of profits and competition , known as flexicurity , to correct retirement age , and so on .
At the same time , we must be aware of the future risks that we are exposed to .
I do not have any information in the Commission to have any intention to deal with this .
Let Europe not give its approval to everything ?
The most serious reports on this were a signal of some of us of the difficulties that we currently have in place , but we deeply hoped that the democratic spirit will prevail in a country that has been going to suffer for a long time that focuses , in particular , on the concept of nationality of the people of Côte d'Ivoire .
That is a first step .
Of course , you also need to realise that Sri Lanka 's strategic position gives space to external factors , it has dominated external factors , which are very hard controlled within the country itself .
The Ambassador of the Presidency is not only focused on the European Parliament , but also on the Commission , as the majority of what we do is the recovery of the cuts that the Council is making in the proposal for a budget of the Commission , which the Council wishes to push ahead and , moreover , focus on measures to create jobs .
At the same time , we will also achieve closer cooperation between the Court of Justice of the European Court of Human Rights , the European Court of Human Rights and national courts .
We will discuss in more detail the summit on employment issues later .
The main problem among our fellow citizens , which is currently being questioned all our meetings , is whether their savings are still in safety .
The fact is that the Croatian and Slovenian governments are dealing with the key issue in the agreement in a completely different light , which does not create mutual confidence .
We will send it to regions , to trade unions , as well as to the <UNK> and businesses , so that this discussion can be as restrained as possible .
I also emphasised the need for positive action to increase representation for women in political , economic and corporate authorities with decision-making authority .
First of all , Paragraph 59 provides that we can help to end the crisis by increasing employment levels and propose policies for the benefit of immigration from non-EU countries , and even suggests that they should lead to the emancipation of citizenship .
It must become part of the European agenda .
I am also opposed to the inclusion of a strong reference to the 'yes ' of the Tibetan people in a urgent resolution .
Right now , consumers must have this in mind .
We have not always been in agreement , but perhaps you will soon get a new mandate in the new Commission , a new post , and I wish you every success .
We sympathise with all the dead , injured or attacked in such attacks .
Communication of Council common positions : see Minutes
Certain unfavourable weather conditions , particularly the storm Xynthia , has also affected Spain and particularly the areas of Andalusia and the Canary Islands and western France and some other countries .
The most important thing , in my opinion , is the European economic policy mechanism for the Euro Plus Pact , which provides a common agenda and common objectives .
Members of the European Parliament vote individually and personally .
The fight against racism and hate speech from President Ahmadinejad and others deserves more .
Thanks to recent research and technology , the crisis has become an opportunity to overcome measures connected with climate change .
What we are calling on you now , Commissioner , is as soon as possible to give Parliament a final answer to the question as to whether the Hungarian constitution is in line with European law and fundamental rights .
The LDCs together these hit the precarious nature of poverty and the whole range of situations in the Member States .
I would therefore like to propose a first step to take the Commission to be to give these countries to North Africa , which are <UNK> on the road to democracy , free access to the market in Europe .
We must take measures to combat this negative trend .
Furthermore , we must try not to allow such products to be processed as <UNK> meat ' to fall into public establishments , where food is being imported .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the most productive nature of work often <UNK> the form of atypical contracts , which can not guarantee workers ' social protection .
Prime Minister , as a Hungarian Prime Minister , I wish to take a look at the six months of this Presidency with pride and with a high head of emotion .
I am shocked to repeat that a complicated law would not be most appropriate to the best interests of the countries ; in the case of public procurement , it is the opposite .
Honourable Members , official data are quite different .
We need to reconcile the positions created by the Treaty of Lisbon .
We will come back to this question , because I will have the opportunity to return , as you know , in the coming weeks or months , to a number of proposals that were agreed on in the agenda adopted by the Commission on 2 June , which was supported by the Council of Finance Ministers and adopted by the European Council .
As a lack of a desire for greater integration or tax transfers between the people of Europe , it will be necessary to rescue the existing monetary union and establish a strong monetary union .
We are demanding not in these circumstances that they do not get to the country for the elections that the current government will organise in March , as these elections constitute a circumvention of the Maputo Agreement .
The European Commission 's text is nonsense .
The inhabitants of the Arctic are aware of the increasing influence of external , economic and political factors on their lives .
It is time for action .
I emphasised the need for an increasing role of the European Parliament in discussion of these issues with debates similar to those that we have had here today : I have a great deal of perspectives , but one stronger European Union and a stronger euro and a stronger euro .
Therefore , the main problem is not due to the physical lack of food products , but because poor already can no longer afford to buy food products on such prices .
This is about economic integration and Community law , as well as equal treatment for all companies in the European Union .
As many of you have said , this is not just the responsibility of one or two people ; all the European institutions and all the Member States must take collective responsibility .
We call for money for collective redress .
None of the four incidents identified by the Council Presidency would have been interrupted , although perhaps the follow-up investigations would have been easier .
The forthcoming Arab summit of the Arab League will be crucial to the restoration of the Arab countries and , in particular , their collective support for the Arab peace initiative .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
Some of the other contentious points were already included in the Council 's general approach to the decision to impose financial penalties .
It is true that this change can not be imposed from outside .
I look forward to cooperating in the future .
Mr President , the ninth round of endless negotiations has not produced concrete results and does not improve the situation of the Tibetan population on the ground .
I also believe that there should be a social and cultural approach in order to avoid deepening and without the current inequalities in terms of literacy and employment .
This will also strengthen the EU 's renewed consensus on enlargement based on the three <UNK> ' , namely consolidating , fulfilment of specific conditions and communication combined with increased ability of the EU to integrate new members .
On Monday , this morning , an extremely busy <UNK> of Eurocontrol was held on which the so-called free movement model was agreed .
The Commission is already working on it and will report on the results .
It should be noted that the European Union is a very specific and unique model built mainly on democracy and coexistence of peoples in the European Union .
I would stress our concern that differences in the treatment of different professional activities should be noted , given well the well-known developments at both an organisation and an employee of work or employment mechanisms or production .
We need instruments in the process .
I would like to congratulate the Court of Auditors on having been the appropriate <UNK> ' for this institution , as well as for the progress that it does in its work every year , but also to recall that we need to do our job in this regard .
The answer is like researchers , scientists , relocations , relocations , workers and citizens .
We must accept the facts .
Some <UNK> future , in which the free movement of data is <UNK> within frameworks , in which the large business is allowed to nip innovation and in which Internet service providers are becoming accredited .
The CAP must be made easier , because this will make our agriculture more profitable , thereby preserving and create jobs and contributing to the sustainable development of rural areas .
in writing . - MEPs have received more than 400 petitions concerning widespread misleading business practices by certain business directory companies , affecting thousands of mostly small businesses in the European Union .
sugar prices and meat reach new history , and while there are at least 2 % increase in cereals production , prices for these commodities will continue to rise .
Although I support the call for the Commission to table a proposal for legislative amendments and for the two measures , this does not mean a clear support for the Commission 's proposal .
Obviously , judges , apart from being required in the area of their local law , which is complex enough in itself , must have a duty to have similar expertise .
Mr Barroso is committed to investing 3 % for investment in research and development .
We are continuing the work on monitoring road map and support to build up prosperity , including in sensitive areas such as the rule of law and border management .
Secondly , it is clear that the most regular mandate of the European Commission must be strictly limited within the framework of the acquis communautaire to ensure that ACTA does not mean that in future ACTA will not mean a <UNK> treaty ' .
Consumers carrying out good protection in the Netherlands enjoy good protection , but when they carry out purchases online , often by foreign shops , this protection is often not guaranteed or is dubious .
We are dealing with this as part of the development of a comprehensive and integrated energy policy for Iraq .
Our debate is based on the position of the European Court of Auditors .
It is right to condemn the horrific murders perpetrated by the fanatics .
Ten pages seem to be a little , but they are full of specific initiatives .
As we do not manage the power of the supermarkets in this area , we will not have a solution .
I do not know why , but I understand that some of the big groups in this House were not prepared to face up to the university lobby that I had last week in Brussels .
The acquis communautaire and modern acquis acquis is one of the EU 's objectives .
It seems that the criteria for determining regions in a less favourable situation are due to a great deal of confusion .
ERTMS was first established primarily to promote interoperability .
<UNK> , including software and technology , which can also be used for civilian , and military purposes , are considered technological products to be misused for dual purposes .
My Council is also to take into account the democratic process in Poland and in France with a proper train in France .
As part of the European Neighbourhood Policy , we are already dealing with this region : Black Sea Synergy ' .
As rapporteur for FYROM , I am very pleased that the country has made progress in 2009 and that the Commission has proposed that the Council should set a date for opening negotiations .
Mr President , this is a short time , and I will try to be brief , but not because the problems are more important .
I would like to draw attention to this because , as you know , under the Treaty of the European External Action Service , the Council and from the diplomatic services of the Member States of the Member States .
In this way , we are wasting the money of European taxpayers ' money to breathe life to our peoples and , at the same time , our own citizens live badly .
We need sound , circumstantial evidence , not materials drawn up by pressure groups that use climate change to pursue their own goals or politicians who use climate change to justify the European Union 's climate change .
They should be truly effective in order to prevent duplicated practices .
Therefore , establishing a monitoring and assessment mechanism is very important if we are to win the support of the citizens of the Member States .
The Air Transport Agreement between the EU and Canada is very important for the future of relations between the two parties .
The worst thing from all is that this is a regulation , not a directive .
Of course , the Ukrainians must also improve , but they can count on us , ready to help them and to provide them with the help of this will lead to what this will lead in the longer term .
However , the banks are lending loans and their shares because of their derivatives .
Despite all the expressions , I wish you every success , of course , to convince you all the two sides .
I think that should be a pity for this .
The exchange of views has clearly demonstrated how sensitive these issues are , and therefore Parliament will approve its proposed legislative resolution tomorrow , the Commission will honour its proposed legislative resolution , and will respond to the resolution in the short period .
Sudan and South Sudan (
Our financial sector is interconnected with the Scandinavian .
I believe that it is advisable to give the authorities the right to issue a holder for the aeronautical product to feed a product for aviation that avoids the duplication of assessments carried out by the authorities of <UNK> .
This will contribute to preventing a number of budgetary transfers .
This is particularly important because we are debating a regulation that is due to thousands of players in real circumstances .
This goes against the principle of transparency and limit the role of Parliament , which still has a consultative function .
The United States could obtain some of the data of our passengers , but under three conditions .
My second request , Commissioner , is to use all our energy and authority to ensure that Member States as a whole are adapted to international law .
The manufacturer has been unlimited access to the market for 14 years .
This is an important consideration , because energy security ends in the consumer or , sooner , with the bill on energy and if it can pay it .
Thank you very much for your attention .
Current law of the European Union contains clear provisions concerning immunity of Members of the European Parliament and the abolition of immunity , which is why there should be a vote .
I therefore think that we are now witnessing the result of a lengthy path - part of a lengthy process - part of the historical process of European integration - because human dignity , democracy and the rule of law are part of the essence of the process of European integration , which is of historical importance .
The first concerns the discharge of the Commission .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
It has also been discussed with the Commission and the Council .
We urgently need to find out the difficulties that the Member States are faced with when they implement this directive , as well as the difficulties themselves are facing .
Full implementation in these Member States is also a matter of equality and non-discrimination within Europe , because exclusion of these two countries would send a signal to their population , which has a great desire to accede to the free movement of freedom .
My own country , Finland , is ready to propose its own national Roma strategy for the common use of the Roma .
However , there are many opportunities to be used to green investments and policies , such as elements that stimulate economic recovery and stability .
If I were to summarise the debate , I would like to say that , in conclusion , the European Union 's budget is too high .
However , regarding imports , compliance with our own rules can hardly be controlled .
In this case , the European Union directive and its respectively have obviously been <UNK> ; it is also possible to enter conflict with natural law and will have a significant negative impact on the insurance industry .
We need a constant control of the dioxin , a division of <UNK> - in my opinion , a requirement for the EU-wide animal feed is required for EU-wide farmers , better protection of farmers who are unable to prevent such negligence and criminal schemes in the animal chain .
However , on the other hand , such security measures will enable a thorough analysis that is impossible to be made along borders .
Madam President , this is really good news .
For this reason , I supported this report .
In the same period , all trade barriers to agricultural produce and fish must be phased out gradually , thus allowing free trade in foodstuffs .
Many believe that the case <UNK> ' is a problem for Germany .
rapporteur . - ( IT ) I take up your invitation .
Guinea ( vote )
The European Union has mobilised all existing political instruments to support the countries of the Western Balkans in their drive towards reforms and regional cooperation .
It is important that the service is established with respect for the competences and cooperation between the Commission , the Council and Parliament and must be based on mutual trust and a desire for cooperation .
Ladies and gentlemen , to support Tunisians .
Hence , there is the need for a new integrated Community strategy to go further than 27 national plans .
( HU ) Europe and the European Union are now seeing as a peace project and now crossing a peaceful period in its history .
Allow me now to comment on reports one , and I am trying to concentrate on the substance so as to put a stop to the time .
At the same time , I believe that the European Union , and the Commission in particular , must maintain its overall commitment to the objectives , the reform process and the strategy for adapting to local and health systems of the Global Fund .
There is thus a gap between passengers who have <UNK> their flights through the tourist agency , and those who are dying their ticket on the Internet ; that is another matter that we should resolve .
I thank Members for supporting this report .
It is therefore right that the EU is monitoring very closely all the actions that aim at the same time as those who are openly attacking the errors of the civil servants .
Before the vote :
However , I would like to emphasise that we reduce the administrative burden on micro-entities , we should not limit the conditions for fair competition either on the internal market or on the European Union market .
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( SV ) Mr President , thank you for the views of the honourable Member who are really essential .
There are clear differences in the events in Libya , where dialogue has been breached by military aggression , and it thus has never been possible to find a peaceful solution to the conflict .
Your initial proposal is not perfect .
Written explanations of vote
Official development aid ( ODA ) has been also enduring and will continue to play a crucial role in supporting our efforts to combat the crisis .
Yes , of course , we want to ask ourselves and , precisely because we need specific objectives in the social area and employment .
We agree with the rapporteur that companies must have freedom of establishment within the framework of the Single Market and can develop their seats from one country to another .
I believe that it would be good to be good to agree on amendments before the vote on Wednesday , so that we can have a full reassurances throughout the whole House .
I deplore , however , that the Centre has not fully fulfilled its obligation to grant the authority , which takes a decision to grant discharge to the implementation of the budget , a brief account , a report that was made up by the director of the Centre for the number of internal audits carried out by the director .
Ukraine has developed a dynamic and diverse civil society and a media environment .
At the same time , it will help to limit Europe 's dependency on energy imports , which is just as important as we have recently seen in the gas crisis .
I believe that Member States should be obliged to share information contained in the case of sexual abuse - and I believe that the European Information System for Personal data ( <UNK> ) is definitely a step forward in this front - in order to prevent the perpetrators of certain crimes falling into children , and , therefore , improve protection of victims - not only in the trial but also after the completion of the judicial process .
I am talking about five of the seven species of maritime <UNK> , <UNK> , many species of the surface and various important maritime mammals .
Three parallel countries are also differentiated : Norway , Iceland and Switzerland ; Liechtenstein must become the fourth .
The debate is closed .
At the same time , as their name suggests , the greatest use is mainly to be made of commercial objectives .
Therefore , this question simply needs to be approached .
That is the case with this text , which has just been explained very well by all of the Members of all the countries and which concerns all third countries who are living legally - I would stress - in Europe .
( FR ) Madam President , I share the satisfaction of all fellow Members in today 's debate and I would like to draw attention to territorial cohesion .
The second is that there is no mention at all the fact that 2 October , 2 October , will be one of the most important signs in the whole of the EU , and that will be the case in the Swedish Presidency .
It has been hit hard by the economic , financial and banking crisis .
It is equally important to continue combating the traffickers who profit from the adversity and the difficulties that immigrants are experiencing in Europe .
Tunisia , as well as Iraq and Egypt , was a politically unique regime even on the Middle East , but also on the Middle East , it was even a secular regime .
I have received two motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with Rule 115 ( 5 ) and 110 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
One year after Lisbon : the EU-Africa partnership ( debate )
The report seeks to improve the rights of bus and coach passengers - a ambition that I welcomed - I voted in favour .
It is hard to see Mr Mubarak 's other <UNK> role in this transition , apart from a further weakening role .
However , I will put all the issues of immigration relating to integration and inclusion under the leadership of the Commissioner for Social Affairs , as these are problems of social inclusion .
This situation is consistent with the objective of territorial cohesion , where Member States are developing geographically from a geographical point of view - a objective outlined in the Treaty of Lisbon .
We are critical of the Russian country in the gas dispute between Russia and Ukraine and in the conflict between these two countries .
In fact , governments are <UNK> over them and what the government has proposed , often in Parliament .
They will get a written answer .
This is another statement of good concern and justified criticism , which , unfortunately , does not have a lot of worth of the questions and that is exactly why it does not have a lot of value .
I believe that consumption is the main feature of the Slovak society .
The role of the Presidency is , in fact , to facilitate and it should be extended in the future .
It is true that we are leading to a large extent in this regard , but we still have much to do to do .
The UN Human Rights Council needs new legal instruments for continuously monitoring the ongoing human rights violations and rapid reaction emergency , such as arising from the political situation in the world ( Tunisia , Iran , Russia ) .
The time is short .
European citizens have a significant benefit of agriculture in the form of food security , protection of the environment , the fight against climate change , the maintenance of rural municipalities and support for the families of farmers .
( LT ) Madam President , I would like to congratulate my colleague and thank her for their cooperation in drafting this important report .
I welcome the work of Parliament , a large part of which was done on Nagoya , but I would highlight the contribution of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , which should have been given greater recognition at the right time .
Then there are various measures to rescue - in vain - and now everything we are talking about in European economic governance .
As a Member of the European Parliament , which has always given particular attention to issues relating to crime prevention , security and police cooperation , I am aware of the crucial importance of Europol for the creation of a safe European territory and the prevention of crime in Europe , and the need to consolidate this at various levels , including those who are now under discussion .
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon in December 2009 , the European Investment Bank has become an instrument for supporting the European Union 's external policies and , at the same time , an important partner for the Union 's economy .
In addition , it is difficult to maintain autonomy and neutrality in the field of humanitarian action .
The Commission 's proposal for a regulation on the creation of this service is currently being examined in the Community institutions .
The rail and carriage were <UNK> or completely not been <UNK> or small and small enterprises .
The report offers to the additional parliamentary term that Sweden and other Member States will receive if the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force , to elected representatives of the forthcoming EP and then get the status of observers to Parliament .
The crisis in the Arab world has shown that the direction followed so far in the neighbourhood policy has proved to be inadequate .
I already see the letter of the Commissioner 's proposed amendment : I am sure that his draft is completed and ready to table a Commission on the budgets .
The damage has been reported to almost EUR 900 million , which is close to Romania 's GDP .
Commissioner Verheugen would have to know this .
We call for impunity and sensitivity and we demand that the national authorities conduct a full investigation into these events and bring the responsible to justice .
It is therefore necessary to conclude with the Doha Round immediate negotiations .
This points out inconsistency on the part of the EU , which <UNK> the powers of the Member States in this area , and it also denies increased financial resources for activity .
It is certainly true that this request from the Commission came too late and suggests less than it was possible .
Looking at the moment , I see the city continues to grow on the basis of well below the well-known and well controlled resources .
Secondly , it has already said that the Commission should start examining the possibility of Eurobonds - I would finally say - I would say .
I do not understand why Brussels should have to protect non-smokers in Antwerp and in Andalusia , which will coincide until the last minute .
To this end , I hope that Member States will commit a real commitment to improving the existing conditions and infrastructure in order to ensure that disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility are ensured to them .
Specific tasks of the service are already being transferred to the service through other legislative acts .
This will carry out a further analysis of the current barriers to the entry .
We ask the Commission to take responsibility and we want the Council , which is not here to meet the expectations of European citizens with regard to nuclear safety in Europe .
It is unacceptable that the EU should move up in an agency to create an agency for every problem .
The next item is the joint debate on :
Certain components and characteristics of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors ( vote )
The first reason for this fair criticism is the aims of the bank .
We have also succeeded in agreeing that we need to increase the role of the supervisory authorities , and especially the supervisory and supervisory authorities , including the internal supervision of companies .
I emphasise an amendment .
The new conditions are provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon and the mechanism for closer cooperation , and I would like to point out that we have made the necessary warnings for their consequences .
However , there are still serious logos in the various countries of the EU in terms of health .
We all know how important it is for Serbia to be in a positive way ( the same applies to Croatia ) so that this country can maintain its integrity and carry out the necessary reforms .
I , too , have helped to grant almost unanimous ratification of the treaty , at least in Croatia .
We did not listen to the work , because of a guarantee ; it was not the right of participation , because the rule was changed because the rule was changed .
I would , however , like to make it quite clear that our ultimate aim is to work with the European Commission to ensure that the Schengen area works properly and in the best interests of our citizens , without giving the scope for the replacement of the <UNK> works of individuals with criminal intentions .
Thank you very much for your efforts .
The political system is also far from satisfactory , particularly as regards the ongoing repression of political parties other than the ruling party , and also the <UNK> of various religious groups .
You must speak so loudly that you will get a lot of the voices of our foreign ministers , sometimes even so much , that we listen to the voice of Baroness Ashton .
The rapid development of new economies has worsened the balance between countries and their investment capacity .
In particular , we need to speed up the review process of Directive <UNK> on Package Travel , just as we need , on the one hand , to provide ourselves with it ...
The prime driving force for these measures lies in procedures and sanctions .
It is the Member States that are responsible for the state of their finances and the problems that need to be resolved in the countries where they have come .
Only in terms of emission performance standards for large combustion plants , I believe that this report has shortcomings .
Between 1997 and 2000 , Commissioner , Romania is <UNK> ' 15 children .
It is regrettable that ten years after the first <UNK> of the Lisbon Strategy , this is the new recipe that the new recipe will be turned into the European economy .
The listing of cod in Papua New Guinea tuna is being processed in factories , rapidly by operators from the relevant countries , with the sole aim of making full use of customs duties granted to the EU under this interim agreement .
I hope that the Commission will indeed honour its pledge to produce not just a report but a real legislative proposal .
I would like to draw attention to an example : energy security .
We will do so that the financial markets that we need to work again in favour of the real economy and not vice versa , as has happened in the last 15 years .
I would like to draw attention to the fact that , in 2006 , the EU reformed the common organisation of the ACP market .
So , on these posts , we do not represent a country or a region : we represent the whole of Europe .
The European Union must , therefore , intervene as soon as possible and we look forward to the Commission , as you look forward , and we look forward to the Commission , as you , Commissioner , have described , and on the basis of it , a powerful intervention .
But let us be frank .
We are still receiving a lot of money through allowances for each month , without any requirements for accounting for the sum involved .
If they do not ensure that they do not have their constitution , then they are faced with a revolution and violence that brings this out .
It is clear that we have not created it alone .
They will not be completely <UNK> , but they should provide a solid foundation .
A country to which there is no longer new exporting trade and new export opportunities will not be able to meet the commitments and requirements that we set it .
( HU ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , thank you for the opportunity granted to me on behalf of the Hungarian delegation of the European People 's Party delegation .
I congratulate Mr Füle for taking on a responsible role and wish for him to be successful in achieving the ambitious goals .
The programme is in the interest of the younger generation of Switzerland and , of course , of young people in the countries which will be seeking to participate in the neighbourhood exchanges with Switzerland as part of the <UNK> programme , regional partnerships or in separate partnerships between schools , as well as the Erasmus programme .
In accordance with Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure , it will be forwarded to the relevant addressees and will be published in the adopted texts of the March 2010 sitting .
The extent to which the proposed cooperation will depend on the elections has been clearly defined , has been very clear , and for some time it seemed that the elections will be at least fair , accurate and free .
It is unacceptable that a billion people are still starving , most of them in the least developed countries , in other words , the poorest countries in the world .
From the Council of Ministers , with a view to our work with the Council of Ministers , in view of the agreements and , secondly , this is possible .
I am opposed to this dossier , I think that the Andean Community is possible , based on the agreement , but I am happy to give more detailed information through our services .
However , as you said , the situation in Ukraine is not easy .
For the citizens of Europe and for all of us , this is part of the added value that the European Union offers .
No matter how much it manages to save , its debt will continue to rise - even more so if wages , unemployment benefits and pensions must be reduced , working hours must be reduced and public investment in infrastructure , education , health , health , health and so on .
It is important to look at this issue in order to maintain the sense of solidarity in our society in the future .
So to ensure that we do not only succeed in the cake , but also in the crucial sense , it is crucial that the Member States fulfil the commitments and the promises that have already been made .
I would like to emphasise the importance of preventive diagnosis and early intervention in the early marketing of the disease .
Yes , there are limits , but there is also potential , and it is an important and important step towards supporting democracy in participation .
Freedom of expression should also be applied on the Internet .
When it is created , it will become the world financial institution - the most important in the world - with regard to financial power .
How are the elections being made ?
The most important authorities that must work in the area of pensions and also in practice all social issues are national or local authorities and not we .
We also know why there is no effect that the measures already taken to stabilise the financial sector , but if there is no satisfactory effect .
It also highlights the fact that we need to compete on a global market , and we must therefore be taking care of the competitiveness of our maritime transport sector while at the same time looking for more sustainable transport .
There will also be other serious consequences .
We need to adopt policies that are being made available , particularly in good times , in good times , in order to be able to have them in poor times .
After all , 20 % by the world 's industrial output of industrial timber is of illegal sources .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( NL ) I am pleased that the Commission has undertaken to review the directive on animal protection used for scientific purposes .
For me , it is a shocking and more in-depth social rights as a problem .
The European Union guarantees freedom of expression and of information in Article 11 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
We are all waiting to see the policy that will drive politics within the framework of the new Commission with its new situation to resolve two posts .
In this regard , the Commission once again states that it really intends to review all the existing acts of the period from the Treaty of Lisbon as part of the Stockholm Programme as part of the Lisbon and to come up with new proposals to the two legislative bodies : Parliament and the Council .
The Ecofin Council has approved these principles and recognised the need to promote these principles as early as possible in the broadest possible geographical term .
In addition , the fratricidal wars in which it has also had a negative impact on neighbouring countries and the international community in general have had a negative impact on the country and people .
However , over the next few months , the focus of the whole process of decision-making will be on you , because a common line will have to be agreed .
Your rapporteur proposes to welcome this communication as a <UNK> base ' and calls for an additional analysis , gathering data collection , dialogue and specific proposals .
It is therefore necessary for all the Member States and all the regions of the Union , not only in the new Member States , to be in a position to invest and implement projects in these sectors .
It is not , and will not , immediately become a complete game or even a traditional member .
The European Commission has asked the Bulgarian authorities to make sure that the specific intelligence is used .
I therefore call on the European institutions to prioritise the appropriate priorities and give a strong support to the creation of public services , ensuring a firm commitment from the future government of Haiti .
This year , the report is also critical , regrettably , it is rightly addressed to the most significant progress made by Turkey , particularly with regard to matters relating to the freedoms of citizens and the judiciary .
Membership of Parliament : see Minutes
Although we are saying that Parliament has been very well aware and that everything has been very well aware and transparently , the way in which the initiative was taken is not to make a good impression to us , we do not have a good impression at the WTO negotiations conducted at the WTO .
In the Association Council , the European Union welcomes the new measures for Gaza and the West Bank , described by Mr Netanyahu .
In view of the increasing demand for transplants in the European Union and the imbalance between the number of transplant for patients and the number of organs , we must strive to avoid the endemic donation and stop illegal organ trade in organs .
Too often , it affects the lives of European citizens in a decentralised way , and its institutions are difficult to understand .
It is worth mentioning that there is still a need for a budget for agriculture that is allocated fairly and devoting particular attention to regions such as Madeira and the Azores , which are confronted with persistent difficulties because of their outermost and disadvantaged , small areas , an unfavourable climate , and therefore they must receive continuous support .
Unfortunately , compared to men , women , there is a higher chance of working hours to work in part-time contracts and are often part of the grey economy , which is liable to be equipped with a lack of contracts .
First , I would like to ask the Commission to comment on recent legislative changes in the Member States regarding the joint judgments of the Court of Justice .
We also welcome the fact that job creation and the promotion of jobs have become a priority in these crisis times and our desire to push for measures relating to education and training .
Politicians and countries must take initiatives and learn citizens that they must protect their privacy ; as well as their own house and their own houses , we must ensure the security of our electronic devices and our resources for communication with the world .
I am pleased , in particular , by declarations on structural and cohesion policy .
Can I accept that your answer means that you do not need to be banned by the party of <UNK> - the President of the Socialist Party - for whom you have received a high personal assessment of the work she has made ?
Sometimes , the false statements made by <UNK> and <UNK> people are being considered true .
They include the fundamental values of universality , of access to high quality healthcare , of equality and of solidarity .
For example , we can rid the PMOI Chinese organisation of the list of terrorist organisations or we can stop with the collusion between Iran and EU Member States and the countries of the EU and of the candidate countries .
There are many points in these Economic Partnership Agreements and I am pleased that I had the opportunity to vote for this report .
These measures require a lot of courage and political will , because they are lone and very money in vague terms in the informal economy .
That is a huge challenge for us .
Maritime passengers will have rights similar to those laid down in European legislation on the airline passengers and trains .
- ( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Temporary Committee on Climate Change has done a very good job .
Scientific evidence that GMOs are safe , must be strong and the public must have absolute confidence in the appropriate bodies and carry out strict tests .
I am also voting for this resolution because it proposes in it the agreement between Croatia and Slovenia on the border , and on the progress made in the resolution of other bilateral disputes , such as border disputes with Serbia , Montenegro 's <UNK> and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
I believe that this has been a strong political message from the European Parliament for the most oppressive human rights , not only within Europe , but also beyond its borders .
This does not , in any way , mean an increase in Parliament 's budget or the European budget .
I will make every effort to ensure that this legal measure and its implementation at national level will not lead to bureaucratic difficulties or even to abuse from third countries outside the European Union .
We can not rule out the opportunity of <UNK> having a witness to the Tibetan citizens who will be forced to take extraordinary measures .
This is an extremely important issue , which we expect in the autumn , the European Commission will propose a special directive .
The new rules leave the petitioner to take a decision on whether or not to deny the right to privacy or confidentiality or on both sides .
And that is also the principle that is based , now and in the future , my efforts , while I am a Commissioner - to offer the same guarantees to passengers from all transport sectors .
Serbia is important for stability in the whole region of the Balkans , and we therefore need to have a constant dialogue with the country at institutional level .
<UNK> , labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures (
In trade , trust is fundamental .
It should also be noted that , as these passenger vehicles have a <UNK> function and mainly of small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , it is important to take into account when necessary changes are made .
We must start by areas where women are suffering from their hardship - we need to examine the situation of those who care for other without pay , work of part-time hours and the plight of the many women who work hard to address the needs of the family and of career .
With regard to the agricultural sector , in the last twenty years , what has actually achieved this constant liberalisation ?
The content of this agreement expresses the new institutional relations .
I also believe that it is time for the European Union and the Member States to examine the new issues raised by the challenge of generations .
With some of our members , we have described a union of the parties , but we are against the single status .
It is not possible to give concrete figures , however , as these children are dragged in prostitution , slavery , forced labour and so on - areas that do not accurate data .
We must take the fact that traditional definition of the single market as something only <UNK> the economic dimension needs to be reviewed .
In the official remembrance of the other day , the case is not at all the same .
The <UNK> of a constituency where 99 % of voters are academic .
The European Union is called on to speed up the progress of the global fight against poverty and hunger - around 1.4 billion people are living in extreme poverty .
The programme outlines 34 strategic initiatives which we have undertaken to table to discuss discussions before the end of December .
I believe that Parliament should speak loud and clearly , ladies and gentlemen .
I find it totally unacceptable that a free elected president in the democratic elections is replaced by a <UNK> dictator .
The report on the proposal for a directive on the application of patients ' rights in cross-border healthcare is an attempt to create a consistent Community framework for offering patients in an area where leading to this time they have been guidelines that the European Court of Justice has recently been defined .
I voted in favour of this report because I believe it is right and appropriate to protect livestock livestock farmers against growing diseases .
War always wins out .
We have the Treaty , but we need to be properly improved and even more .
This is of priority in order to make use of all the funds efficiently .
Regarding the entry of troops of Saudi Arabia in Bahrain , I would like to highlight the fact that the six countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council have an agreement on collective security between themselves .
Naturally , the adoption of any new Article in the EU , including Macedonia , is only possible when all the requirements are met and with the clear agreement of the EU institutions and all the Member States .
Mr President , I just want to be useful .
At a time of current globalisation , international labour standards constitute the foundation for the world economy to benefit everyone .
It would be good if the next Presidency dealt with this problem , bringing it to the same importance .
The fact that some governments are not interested in the destruction of the grey or black economy should not be an impediment and should not cause us to tolerate the <UNK> of forests .
This is very important news for the developing world and , most importantly , for the millions of Europeans who are working with mental and <UNK> physical activity .
The policy of ecological policy must also take it into account .
In Sweden , for example , we have a system called <UNK> .
I am very well aware of the consequences of the decisions adopted by credit rating agencies , as well as the effect that these decisions can have on the behaviour of investors .
With all respect for your opposition to the truth , I expect the same respect for truth .
Yet this does not mean that there is nothing to do in the meantime .
The European Union is <UNK> the United Kingdom with workers from outside the Mediterranean .
So there was a debate , followed by saying that this issue , the Internet , will be on the future agenda of the G8 .
We support the initiative to reduce waste by minimum and development , and if the results of research and development allow , further recycling , to be carried out , because we attach great importance to the principle of reversibility .
We therefore believe that the Commission and the Council should examine procedural rights in the current new scenario that we are experiencing today .
And , as always , it is about effective monitoring and control .
I therefore support the opinion of the Committee on Fisheries , which wishes to put an end to the derogation in the revision of the agreement we are discussing .
It is taking away the benefits promised to farmers without providing reliable funding for rural development programmes .
We realise that the common problem is not yet resolved .
That , I think , lies at the heart of the Treaty of Lisbon .
This prerequisite is reflected in Serbia 's accession process , and it also has an impact on Croatia .
Sadly , there is no room for everything to vote against some of the amendments to the resolution .
I would like to see more products from my region being applied for the good reason to apply for the weakness and I hope that the Commission will adopt some of the proposals for simplifying the application procedure for the application of the application procedure for Northern Ireland .
The changes proposed for the second reading ensure improvement in respect of passenger rights in the course of the transport of bus and coach transport , which we support .
Part of 20 million of the pilot projects .
The liquidity raging has already been raging for weeks beyond the European institutions on the issue to help Greece and the euro area .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety has adopted a number of agreements with a large majority .
Even with a small budget , I believe that the fund is extremely important , as it establishes the principle of attracting private equity in a model of globalisation , combining the funds already available to us - and other - and which are put into practice - and which is put into a reserve that can attract money which , instead of giving money , money , instead of money , money , is to be reallocated through the development of large projects ; this must be a revolving fund that repaid fund .
There are , unfortunately , a situation with Manuel Rosales .
That is what I did not hide .
( PL ) Mr President , this is a very important subject , but also very sensitive subject .
At present , DG <UNK> has a central role to play in ensuring that initiatives are in the EU 's implementing policy and their compliance with the Communication of 2009 and I am ready to maintain this coordinating role under the obligation of my predecessors .
We have quite similar views on how we need to act , while , at the same time , respecting our differences .
It is therefore essential that Bulgaria takes some additional measures , namely , to formulate a special plan with actions to be realised at the moment of entry into the Schengen area , and also a joint approach ( between Greece , Bulgaria and Bulgaria ) , so that the country can respond to a possible increase in migratory pressure .
I therefore hope that Members will be ready to rise to the challenge of this very important legislative package for Parliament , which , for the first time in its history , is pursuing the powers of colegislator , just as the Council .
I do not want to have the opportunity to give the floor to Members on matters of this kind , but you too are right as saying that this would require an amendment to our Rules of Procedure .
Some wait for the courts to be brought to justice for 10 years .
The vote will take place tomorrow , Thursday , 25 November 2010 at 12:00 .
In fact , changes such as the large-scale structural and regulatory reform of the financial sector must be made , but the current situation can only be improved by establishing incentives , as well as through radical and comprehensive policies for modernising and indirect investments .
For this reason , I would advise all Members to show a sense of measure and political vision in these discharges .
In order for the CAP to continue working for European citizens and to meet their needs , it must receive strong support , and that of course means a strong budget .
Of course , the manufacturers of electrical and electronic equipment must be involved more closely in the collection and recycling system , but we can not grant citizens any responsibility for waste which generate them .
I therefore call for the simplification of the fundamental principle and I abstained from voting .
We need a regulation and a simple legislative procedure and we expect the consultations with the European Council and the Member States on these matters .
The Copenhagen conference is now approaching and the EU must play a vital role in the negotiations on a comprehensive and ambitious global agreement to combat climate change .
We need to reassess what has been achieved in this House - the microcredit issue to deal with violence on racial grounds - and for all these issues there must be a comprehensive strategy .
Immigration is a problem that is a problem in the countries of the EU , and therefore they must act jointly to find a suitable solution to this problem .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
We need to improve the framework for economic governance and thus contribute to the Union 's sustainable and balanced growth as a whole .
This instrument includes the new Baltic neighbours of the European Union , Azerbaijan , Azerbaijan , Ukraine , Moldova , Moldova and Belarus .
Madam President , so far , at a time when 16 people are dying of hunger .
However , it is astonishing that the country is still mourning in internal chaos .
They will often succeed and , as a result , the investment , and therefore also trade in all the Member States , will be the most exposed and put to the knees .
I therefore believe that the decision of the President Obama has done so , as the President of Obama has done to close the Guantánamo detention centre by a year .
I strongly encourage the Commission not to give up the proposed measures and not to pressure on pressure by the Member States , because only some can be considered an example in these days .
How is the European Union involved ?
Parliament 's call for greater consumer protection and the fight against energy poverty is now more apparent in legislative texts .
The National Programme sets out the criteria for the content and the budget for the invitation to table proposals that will be made in 2009 .
Everyone spoke of economic governance , but what is it actually talking about ?
Parliament has the following message , which is supported by a huge majority .
Only the results and estimates for a longer period will we create the economic situation of both parties , bilateral improvement of trade balance or contribution to improving the social situation .
The start was encouraging - in 1995 , a global consensus was reached on a global scale , according to which women and men are equal from all viewpoints , including political , economic , economic and social .
You have described the Community method .
harmonised data collection ;
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Mr Barrot , you have my support , as you want from Parliament , you have at the very least of this rapporteur and you have more than the first order of my report .
We will stand shoulder to shoulder with you , so that we prepare the necessary regulation on financial services .
I sincerely hope that the Commission and the Member States will take action on the basis of the proposals that are made in it .
We have gathered on the Internet on the Internet how easily it is easy to label on the use of the <UNK> on the German website and emphasise that , if the reports for the form of a bank limit should be reduced to the form of credit cards , the wording could be <UNK> , which would make it much more difficult to ease the technology .
The first of these is the exceptional mobilisation of the aid mechanism and the world 's solidarity that sent thousands of people to support affected by the first stage of emergency .
I regret that Commissioner De Gucht does not even listen to what I say , but instead prefers to talk to her colleague .
( FR ) Mr President , 2009 was doubtless the year for the euro following its introduction , but also , at the same time , it was also a year of uncertainty .
The report accepts well defined guidelines and specific measures to protect jobs throughout Europe .
This prosperity will not come to a night , and we can therefore expect further strengthening of the flow of economic migrants that are affecting North Africa .
Both Bosnia and Herzegovina are considering the issue of the candidate .
I would like to make one other important points , namely , the importance of making the maritime sector attractive to young people .
Every time that we meet people , the tobacco growers , between the <UNK> of the issues , is , and what happens to us ?
I would remind you once again that 56 % of the complaints received in such a way .
I would call for a climate justice because it concerns relations between developing and developed countries and the will to table a reliable proposal for financing measures and for mitigation , and on adaptation , and on the way we show our readiness to carry on remaining the other .
Ms Vassiliou , Ms Vassiliou , I suspect that is not present to this debate , but she asked me to give my personal thanks to the rapporteur for everything she has done and for the efforts she has made to achieve the objective .
Europe is not obliged to silent but once again to repeat and to reiterate and to demand that Russia fulfils its obligations .
It is true that not all Member States have consular protection in many cases , and , in many cases , consular protection structures are very inadequate , structures for themselves .
( PL ) The Europe 2020 strategy can not do everything it has here today .
( EL ) Thank you , Commissioner , for this very detailed reply .
If you look at the situation of railway stations , it is at the root of this kind in check .
In the last 10 years , I sit in this Chamber and wonder how we will end up with regulation after regulation , <UNK> businesses and opportunities , actually , encourage business to move away from the European continent .
After World War II , when Europe gradually started assuming that the independence of African countries is ultimately unavoidable , Kenya was categorically excluded from this figure , including the country that we now know as Zimbabwe .
Europe needs developing <UNK> 2020 , making it possible for the market to be competitive in the market , while at the same time displaying its acceptance by citizens , defending their interests ; on the part of consumers , defending their interests ; and on the part of small and medium-sized enterprises , ensuring their rights ; and also on the part of small and medium-sized enterprises providing them with the right to incentives .
Furthermore , we wish to increase our efforts in relation to professional childcare , people in a mature age and older age , who are no longer in the educational system and who are lagging behind the general development of society .
That is my opinion .
I am fully convinced that this will create differences between Member States and with regard to the amount of visa applications .
They are going through a very constructive atmosphere , and I think that this is indicative of the need for the European Union to achieve it , and also of the interest of Turkey to agree with us on readmission .
Council and Commission statements on preparation for the European Council meeting ( 11-12 October )
Europe must resolutely repeat this message .
These <UNK> have already been held in several countries , particularly Latin America , where prices have risen exponentially and quality deteriorate .
For this reason , the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs calls calls on the authorities to realise that reduced public investments in these areas can not be offset by private investment , which , due to weak growth , are therefore also reduced and therefore , to guarantee the restoration of public finances in the short term .
This is a concrete step that the citizens of the Member States of the European Union expect us .
The technical rules proposed on the basis of scientific consultations are simplified in comparison with the existing legislation , they will facilitate inspection and reduce fishermen 's costs for fishermen .
Even on the territory of a <UNK> in the different regions , different approaches can be needed .
The breakdown of competences between the Presidency of the Member States and the President of the European Council will be of great importance .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , there must be an extremely careful assessment of the request made by the European Council to start negotiations with Japan to conclude a free trade agreement .
The European Parliament believes that the adoption of the law on the protection of minors against the Detrimental Effects of public information by the Lithuanian Parliament is clearly a breach of the treaty .
Formal sitting - Georgia
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I am generally pleased that the 5th World Water Forum will take place in Istanbul and especially that the European Union will be involved with its delegation from the Commission and the European Parliament .
We really must regret that no such measure has been adopted .
In future , particular attention must be focused on cohesion policy and structural policy , and also on agricultural policy , it is necessary to give support to small and medium-sized enterprises , as it is also necessary to provide support for small and medium-sized enterprises , as it is a sustainable economy .
I support this report , which once again underlines that we must help Moldova to recover economically , while taking the view that around 40 % of its economy depends on agriculture .
Unfortunately , the way the report has been dealt with shows that it has not brought to peace , but even to a greater extent , to a greater extent that it has not brought to an end .
On the other hand , a country which is still largely dependent on energy production from a strong fuel mix is facing technological gap that must be overcome simultaneously , reducing polluting emissions .
When the Treaty of Lisbon was issued to people , one of the arguments was that it will give the European Parliament greater influence .
It is clear that it is the proportion of the actions for people 's integration , and also the means that we are doing them is what we need to do is what it entails .
The truth is that the Commission has presented ambitious proposals to keep the economic situation under constant monitoring , and that is what we will do and other proposals if necessary .
This is , therefore , a situation where , in Polish prison , a person who does not conform to the principles of Polish law .
That is the position that we should strengthen and support in order to consolidate and consolidate ourselves .
Some people believe that we will create a parallel system if we have one-stop shop for each corridor ' for every corridor , which might perhaps be included .
I am afraid that , in the case of the European Union and the institutions , the EU and the institutions are ignoring matters of strategic importance for the Member States .
We voted in favour of this report in favour of the Czech Parliament 's report of our political group , because we believe that it concerns a subject of great importance : improving energy efficiency through information and communication technologies ( ICT ) .
On the contrary , we must maintain the borders of the labour market , provided that the flow of workers is the most suitable and responds to the needs of the country .
Thank you for your attention .
I therefore voted for the proposal tabled by Parliament to call on the Commission to carry out an impact study and analysis of expenditure , benefits and structure of European Credit Rating Foundation , competent in the various areas of ratings : the public sector , companies and financial instruments .
I will call on Members to take this House into account the highlighting of the <UNK> between this argument and the one submitted after the negative <UNK> of the French , <UNK> and Irish .
Baroness Ashton , let us act quickly and strive for the best results , because this will prove another important test for Europe .
We see violations of human rights , which we all have to denounce , without exception , and I am therefore voting in favour of this resolution and I am voting in favour of this resolution and deplores my vote against those of my fellow Members who are strongly in possession of terror and to refrain from such acts of violence .
Gas exchange rates : private exchange of electricity (
It has also been said that , in order for other EU countries to join the EU , we in the European Union must be well integrated , because then , new Member States will be effective .
The position to social housing derives on the one hand , but it also relates to the definition of State aid , but it also concerns the definition that is used in identifying the eligible expenditure under the Structural Funds .
Meanwhile , the European Union really controls itself control and govern the resources , it is doing things under the rules .
Our new economic architecture is therefore basically in common sense .
Its change could mean changes within the framework of fisheries and even causing disputes with local fishing companies , which use the fish centrally to supply to the market .
The growth of profit and contemporary development are the wealth of today 's universities , but , with many <UNK> , <UNK> with business and with the channel profit professions , I think it is very important to maintain the balance between economic and productive science ( <UNK> ) , in particular , to maintain some of the disparity between the economic and measurable successes of contemporary in the past financial relations .
You will find these things in the programme .
My committee did not take any part in drafting this resolution .
We have another example of the major problem in the Medicines Agency , which I believe we will have the opportunity to discuss again .
The pragmatic tactic , which is directed at areas in the financial market , is a wrong approach .
I am pleased that there is satisfaction that there is satisfaction at first results , but it goes without saying that this is not yet sufficient .
Little bureaucracy and the legislation - which , by a very soon , the development of innovative small businesses - are being <UNK> and young people are starting to <UNK> a stable future , which hopefully has been met by opportunities .
I assure you that , because of my interest in this portfolio , I will watch developments very carefully .
I will begin by mentioning something that will happen soon - 8 March will be an important day , as the International Day Day Day for women , when Parliament will discuss the Charter for women in Strasbourg .
There must be global supervision of the financial markets .
This is the same day as becoming more and more like the Soviet Union .
<UNK> , the team , the ministers , but also the political and the political and the body of the body , have done an impressive job .
That is why I voted as I did .
We have laws on numerous issues .
After troops were unable to destroy peace in Afghanistan , the same can not and the money that you had to learn there .
We also expect recognition of Georgia 's European ambitions , Moldova and Russia , and Russia , and Russia should be called on to put pressure on these countries .
In future , it should not be forced for the taxpayer to pay for damages .
Obviously , the main emphasis of the debate on State aid to radio and physical broadcasting is on the so-called public service broadcasting under the definition of each Member State , given the minimum resources available to them , and , in particular , to their full role to work in the public service .
The country 's departure for the Iranian president , the invitation to a conference that is being levelled at the Second President , who is a genocide for genocide , and relations with Israel , seems to have shown that it is turning away from the West .
The <UNK> that you have asked this question from the perspective of the Commission on petitions are nature , which is a dispute on local level , what options are opening up for the development of local economy , and , above all , will come back to this later - the simple application of the right to the right to law in the European Union .
Even the best ideas , however attractive , can not be realised if there are no sufficient financial money .
It could have been the case for years without going back to court .
( PL ) Mr President , I endorse the European Parliament 's draft decision on discharge for the General Assembly of the Council for the implementation of the budget for the financial year 2007 .
Even the loans provided to entrepreneurs from Community funds provide a institutional lever that can and must fill the gap that we have on the account of the trade union , which already affected the real economy .
The import of beef will increase by 70 % , imports of poultry meat - by 25 % .
Apart from the fact that some areas of medicine in countries with high medical standards , there is a risk that poorer Member States of the European Union , which have invested less in health , should pay for huge costs .
Human rights are a key element in relations between the European Union and Eritrea .
I deplore this double standard and I call on my fellow Members not to enjoy political acceptance , but to invite the responsible people to the Commission and the evaluation of the responsible for the responsibility of the individuals , the Commission and the conclusion of the matter .
( Applause )
However , what agriculture most needs in the future is , in the future , a regulation that succeeds in continuing to keep the markets in some borders .
We have three <UNK> and it seems that the Netherlands will be playing a final test .
I really hope that the Commission and the Council will continue along this path .
The credibility of EU policy and the future of the European Union depend exclusively on effective democracy .
There are four reasons why I consider very important and why I voted in favour of this report : 1 ) simplification and streamlining procedures in order to facilitate access to funding ; 2 ) the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are essential to growth and employment ; 3 ) innovation in the name of a competitive environment that is able to meet the challenges of the market ; and 4 ) the funding mechanism that is able to address the challenges of the market ; and 4 ) the funding mechanism that has so far produced very good results .
In addition , the outcome of the crisis must , of course , be reflected in the commitment to the strategy , to be credible in changing the growth model and in the focus on the economy , social and environmental aspects .
The simple choice of the word <UNK> ' is very important to a good result .
However , we , the Commission , are ready to start work and to start working and make our contribution to the negotiations once they decide that sufficient progress has been made .
We must also recognise that there are cultural differences that sometimes seem to be intangible .
In the end , it calls for the same type of monetarist and neoliberal policies and criteria , the tightening of real weather , which is imposed on Member States , without considering the causes of the problems or alternative policies that take into account the different levels of development of economies of individual states .
I have the impression that we have a lot of things on the subject of Japan .
( PT ) The case of Farai Maguwu shows the brutal repression of Zimbabwe , as well as the need to expand the scope of the Kimberley Process .
In fact , we are almost no surprise .
Coastal countries in the Middle East and Africa have advanced developing countries and they are vital for us , including in this regard of migratory flows .
I will repeat what the President of the Barroso said : that we are very concerned with Prime Minister Orbán 's political commitment to amend the law if necessary .
Moreover , it recommends a safety net and promotes the safety of small farmers .
Those are ideas that I would like to make , once again , once again to come here with some proposals on the subject of insurance insurance .
At the informal meeting of Energy Ministers on 6 and 7 September , the Presidency asked for the first and 7 September to be carried out , reporting and discuss the first evaluation .
In order to create a common market for researchers , it is important to define a common European research model in the research sphere , and to introduce an integrated , integrated system for information with proposals for research and contracts with the benchmark of research throughout the European Union .
Therefore , the proposal to use the focus is very simple and clear .
They expect us decisions , expect protection and we need to meet these expectations right now , and not a few months .
This proposal is very important and it must be supervised by the regulatory authorities in the Member States .
There are also other things that come to the forefront .
Mr President , once again , it seems that the laws that we pass here do not exist in all the Member States .
I will also present my remarks on this .
We propose extremely good measures which are fully in line with the European Union 's objectives .
I think that maintaining employment and the creation of new prospects for older people and also for those who are on the labour market , but also no longer jobs , is a condition so that Europeans can return their confidence to our public model .
The establishment of the European Asylum Support Office is an extremely important step towards establishing a common European asylum system , as laid down in the European Pact on Asylum and in the Stockholm Programme .
It states that only in 2008 , only in 2008 , 37 million people were infected .
You are very well acquainted with the people and I think that the result is good .
I insist that it is important to take into account the experience gained over the years when it has worsened the old SGP , and the fact that economic governance has become more democratic with the inclusion of the European Parliament in the entire monitoring process .
We have no sympathy about them , but the system is simply too optimistic .
In my region , this is considered sacrosanct competition , which will have serious consequences for employment .
Women need the aid of the state to return to the labour market and to gain real economic independence from their spouse .
In reality , one of the identified difficulties is the complexity and the burden of administrative procedures , as a result of which taxable for European funding is being channelled into national funding and Europe is the most common in the area of research .
This will be the subject of discussion and the public authorities , which are interested in the work of this agency .
These actions have weakened the democratic process from content and forced one of the population of the country to catch up .
( PL ) Madam President , for many years , nuclear energy has been considered for many years in nuclear energy , an ecological , efficient , <UNK> environment .
In Malaysia , more than 10 000 people are suffering this form of corporal punishment every year .
I voted for this report because it promotes the development of so-called intelligent transport systems ; that is , the use of new technologies in the areas of transport .
I must say that there is something that has been taken into account in the fact that this report has been detained , while everyone votes in Ireland and all votes , and then suddenly brought the proposal all of the European Union 's institutions to give an account of their activities to Parliament and become part of a single European diplomatic body .
The victims can only bring more suffering and crises .
I have taken note of your proposals .
In this regard , I would like to emphasise two issues which I consider vital , in view of the current situation of economic crisis and the high levels of high unemployment in the EU , with a view to safeguarding quality , precarious employment and job creation in jobs under the Europe 2020 strategy .
We must prepare ourselves for this time in a responsible manner .
Madam President , I , in turn , wish to thank you for this interesting debate .
This gives us hope for the future .
The EU 2020 strategy can be a different one .
The vote
We agree that innovation , creativity and the drive of the market , we agree that we are , however , not to take a better advantage in the market , but we do not accept that , just because someone is larger and stronger with better connections in terms of information , and in particular , special links with the government , these kinds of advantages must apply to the market and we are very pleased that the Commission is not going to happen .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - Madam President , on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left , I would like to say that we consider the issue of the utmost seriousness ; we need immediate action now and it is not now time for haste .
That is why , of course , we need a <UNK> .
Madam President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , Operation Atalanta is a successful contribution by the EU to security in the Horn of Africa and needs to be continued .
I think that at the moment , I could describe the situation , and I am now saying that the ball is half of the Council .
Implementing measures ( Rule 88 ) : see Minutes
These ambitious tasks are : to give more thought to the European public , to achieve a more democratic European Union , thus giving impetus to European integration .
One of the things that I think will be very interesting when the Commission is to consider the future of the GSP regulation , it is to be seen whether the aspects of the regulation that are related to ratification and implementation of the conventions for human rights could be improved .
We therefore put to a discussion that attempts to try to draft a budget that is getting to reality , which I hope will be supported by the other groups when we vote later today .
It is regrettable that Russia is not obliged to introduce effective measures to avoid the many cases where Russian authorities have contravened human rights and have been condemned by the Court of Justice of the European Communities .
There are dozens of nations without countries that need to be mentioned , given the fact that what the founding is supposed to build is a Europe of nations , not a Europe of the world of the world of the world of the world , not a unique Europe of the world of the world of the world .
In other words , universities are not always in line with the needs of the market and <UNK> by young people who are starting to take up their studies .
We have complex and our actions must necessarily be comprehensive .
Many Member States of the European Union have expressed their readiness to help in every possible way - with technical means , such as sent out all the technical expertise that can be necessary - but this , above all , must be done with the agreement of the affected countries in the region .
That is the other side of the coin .
However , producers have had ten years to achieve compliance .
Monitoring should also be a fundamental principle and when creating the European Systemic Risk Board ( ESRB ) .
Patients also have the right to take advantage of freedom of movement .
Parliament 's functions must be strengthened , which is an important priority both for the Commission and the European Parliament .
One hundred years after adoption of the provision , it is hard to understand how it can be found that there are so few measures to implement it .
Only the phased market ( services and repair and delivery of spare parts ) would remain subject to a specific exempt regime .
As you probably know , there are unresolved issues , in particular , in the areas of energy and trade .
I also believe that it is important for us to consider the functioning of public procurement procedures in Parliament .
The analysis of H1N1 management of H1N1 in Europe has been the main problem : the lack of an independent assessment by national and/or European authorities and the subsequent ability to adapt public health measures and the subsequent ability to harmonise measures for public health at the best possible time and in real time in relation to the true and true realities of the actual mental and epidemiological realities .
I hope that this Parliament will play a key role in ensuring that the CAP is not in any way or reduced .
If there is a rise in import as a result of these talks , I think we will be witnessing a mass exodus of this sector from farmers .
We would have to face up to speculation and competitive devaluation among 20 national currencies .
We can not separate our economic programme of our social agenda : there can be no economic recovery in the face of a social collapse , as can not be social progress in economic instability .
More than <UNK> employment , a source of income , and through their work within the family and society , both young and older people make a significant contribution to the paradigm of our society and to the stabilisation of services and jobs .
That is also why the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance wants to wish the referral back of the document for a new review committee , not because we believe that we can not improve the situation , but because that means building reform , which will make it hard for us to make our future a reality of our life easier legislative life .
( DE ) Mr President , I think today you are establishing a good piece of legislation .
I put it on to everyone who has struggled for fundamental rights and freedom of the press and I reject it to my generation , which knows nothing other .
Let us therefore stop pretending , let us stop bemoaning the public in Europe and the Turks and finally let us finally put an end to the negotiations with Turkey .
Violations of international humanitarian law are all the more frequent violations of international humanitarian law .
This must be dialogue on the basis of respect for international law and territorial integrity of states .
Let me just mention two of the recommendations in this report .
There is no doubt that the continuous increase in food prices as a result of the rising prices of inputs is an ever more urgent concern for the EU .
Furthermore , I hope that Member States will make more effective use of the various tools currently available to combat the exclusion of the Roma , such as the separation of a maximum 2 % of the European Regional Development Fund for Rural Development for the use of marginalised communities or existing opportunities as part of the European Social Fund .
Mr President , if you - or my fellow Members - do not believe that Mercosur issues that I and other fellow Members have asked are unacceptable because they are not appropriate issues , I think they have not been accepted because there is a subject on the agenda for Thursday .
What has happened is that we have heard demands once again for more cooperation and more coordination at European level and the single European sky - something that has already been mentioned - will prove to be useful in the future .
It is rare MEPs to pretend that they were not allowed to speak , but they were not the case to hear how the Commissioner or the rapporteur knew and the rapporteur explained and the findings .
I should emphasise the strong position of the international community that predictable and <UNK> change in exchange rates have a negative effect on economic and financial stability .
Obviously , the Russian authorities are implementing the law and procedures .
The first conclusion on me is that we are also continuing to need a strong European common agricultural policy .
That is why the subject of supervision in this area must be resolved .
The enlargement process continues exclusively on a geographic scale and , as I have already said in this Chamber , the Council has promised to grant candidate status status status status to the countries in the country before these countries have achieved quality standards for democracy that at least to come to a satisfactory level .
I therefore agree with the rapporteur that it is necessary for the agencies to improve the transparency of the forecasts and responsibility for projects ; to improve the procedure for submitting the awarding of public procurement at the level of a decision to fund level and a work programme ; to rectify the errors errors errors and transparency of the financial regulation , and to implement the financial regulation that they are in the context of the implementation of staff and to implement the Financial Regulation that they are in the context .
( HU ) Mr President , the report that is behind us is probably the most important report in this period .
What we are experiencing at the moment , Mr President , is not a monetary crisis in the Union , is not even a currency of our common currency ; rather , a crisis in the EU .
In the opinion of science , two degrees of levels mean that the rich countries must reduce their CO2 emissions by 40 % .
What I would first of all like to say to you is that the Stockholm Programme really does not take the fate of the victims .
I voted in favour of this report .
We will work closely with Member States and with Parliament to find a solution to disaster response capacity , such as logic , to be very simple .
This is because of environmental and public health and the public health concerns due to the associated high levels of contamination and energy for the energy reasons associated with the reduction in oil and growing difficulty in accessing this commodity .
Sweden will soon have the opportunity to implement them in practice during its second half of this year .
A few years ago , Lithuania was in the same situation , but did not get us one tenth of the <UNK> card on a <UNK> basis .
We must not have to go .
Much has been achieved since the last Action Plan on energy efficiency , but it is nothing to be the target that it can achieve by 2020 .
As you know , the main objectives set out in the Europe 2020 strategy include increasing the number of jobs , better conditions for research and development , improving education and development , improving education levels - including reduction in poverty .
I am particularly concerned that , in the new European executive , Italy , Italy , will ensure continuity and competency , as it has been defined with one of the key portfolios , because it has been defined to manage the merits and remit of European production .
We therefore need to do everything possible to ensure the competitiveness and sustainability of this sector , while not forgetting the human and environmental factors .
Radioactive waste is generated every day , causing damage to the environment and a negative impact on public health and quality of life .
Albania will cope with .
Is there no more to expect Russia 's democratisation ?
That is precisely what the issue is : if we do not put things on the most pragmatic basis , we are all the European right and all our institutions .
I believe that it would be right for us to commemorate these victims too .
We expect you to make progress on this .
However , at a time when the economic and financial crisis exacerbates social inequalities , the provision of structural funds to the Member States is falling .
Thank you .
We will be very careful to respect the fundamental principles of our proposal .
Member States must integrate the priorities for acquiring basic skills ( reading , <UNK> ) in their education programmes before they retire .
What we need is another economic and social model to counter capitalism .
I also believe that the number of errors or failures is relatively small , but there is still too much .
It also ensures that public authorities will always be able to adopt regulations in favour of the general interest .
The bees are so far that only 12 third countries outside Europe meet all the requirements , and therefore import beef only from them .
I trust you , Lady Ashton .
During his five-year term , Mr Barroso , who has broken up some EU Member States to support war in Iraq , has never been able to revive the European Union or to strengthen its positions with national self-interest .
In the wake of the recent earthquake in Italy , does the Commission believe that it has been covered in its written response from Mr Dimas and Mr Dimas , to take further initiatives to protect European citizens against earthquakes ?
As other horizontal air service agreements , this agreement provides for a EC definition , which enables all EU carriers to benefit from EU law enforcement , considers safety and taxation of aviation fuel and related contradictions with EU regulations in the field of competition .
Some have presented Copenhagen as an absolute storm with the <UNK> .
These researchers certainly do not need a Italian language , because they are in English , because they are in fact the need for permits for them to be used , for the benefit of Italian products , to the detriment of Italian products .
This year , it will make it 20 years .
Please take a particular look at the difficult situation in which farmers are , and the pain of European farmers , and the fair competition of European farmers .
There is also a need for enhanced cooperation at parliamentary level , both with organisations such as the Parliamentary Assembly of the European Union 's Research Cooperation and WTO , and with the <UNK> Development and the development of trade .
I voted for the report on agriculture and international trade because it depends on the central element of EU trade policy : free trade agreements .
Yes , Europe is the world 's largest donor of humanitarian aid - we can be proud of this and we should continue in the same vein - but in itself , humanitarian aid will not solve conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .
Now what ?
If there are no sufficient financial resources to realise these objectives , then the initiative will remain just on paper .
In order to obtain very broader support for its positions , the European Union must create mechanisms for the construction of statutes and start organising regular meetings on specific issues with all democratic countries of the other continents .
The additional investments in the first instance of the first asylum procedure will improve the asylum process .
Information technology for customs purposes (
Let us not get it flowing !
The joint project , which the European Union hopes to gain an influence in Kosovo , is much more like an instrument for settling this internally divisions than anything else .
If we , in Europe , do not manage to be bold in wanting to start with fair demands , then we will be in exactly where we are not going to be , namely with protectionism and a repeat of the Asian years in Europe .
The deployment of the various national systems creates a huge problem for international trains , because locomotives should or shift them up to a few different levels of coverage systems .
Finally , I would like to emphasise one aspect .
In 5.5 million people under the age of 25 in the EU unemployment rate , it is almost twice as much as what is seen among the working population as a whole .
I support the proposal for enhanced cooperation .
I can guarantee that there will be no opening up public services , nor pressure for privatisation .
However , at the same time , I should ask you , if a Council of Ministers is systematically refusing to accept the rule of law and to ignore the rulings of the Supreme Court and to ignore the judgments of the Supreme Court ?
Madam President , the Europe 2020 strategy should help to develop economic growth in a way that will , at the same time , counteract social exclusion .
I would like to ask all of us to the point that our citizens will realise that what we are doing here is real , a practical benefit for what we are doing here is of real , of practical benefit .
I therefore support the proposed wording in the resolution on independent emergency response mechanisms which will allow an immediate human rights challenge .
Welcome
Finally , I would like to say that today , we are Commissioner Barrot , who represents Mrs Hübner , a commissioner responsible for the evaluation of the new measures for 2010 , and as has been customary , it will make a binding statement by the Commission on the evaluation of the new measures for 2010 in relation to the three regulations .
In addition , in order to encourage the participation of shareholders in these corporations , which is legitimate in many cases , when the share of capital is too high , the vote is to be made public vote .
EU railways in the Middle East ( debate )
What worries me is that such a double standard is beginning to act in our institutions .
While there is a change in perception in the EU , we can only work to reduce the damage caused by globalisation in the affected countries .
The problem of Kosovo is very important .
Equally , we need to monitor the deadlock in the Mediterranean , particularly in the Italian coast , where , for four days of the Western <UNK> , people are living for four days .
Therefore , in the case of the Western Balkans , where such matters are even more complex , it is particularly important for them to be resolved in each country .
<UNK> of waste to third countries must be banned .
First of all , we must support , as far as possible , the governments and the Commission in the initiatives that have recently been taken up recently .
The coordination of these funds should be improved .
- Before the vote
The aforesaid directive was an excellent opportunity to introduce common standards for all 27 Member States , as well as an excellent chance to simplify EU legislation in the area of consumer rights , which is still fragmented in the form of several legislative document .
This year , the Commission will present a recommendation on media literacy .
It is very clear that this legislation should be more stringent and so I am therefore surprised that Italy and the United Kingdom are particularly hindering the improvements in the Council once I see that Italy and the United Kingdom are once again preventing improvements in the Council .
The transport potential that has so far from now and beyond other opportunities for development , and also the other opportunities for development , require a speedy launch of the entire project .
We are claiming that they are important to the viability of the European economy .
Mr Van Rompuy says that the European Union 's ability to achieve consensus remains a <UNK> , and that is , unfortunately , a consensus only for the lowest common denominator !
As a result , healthcare sector is gradually being affected by a separate service in a whole range of services .
However , Europe is not created by candidates .
Moreover , I insist that long-term planning of policy is required in order to ensure budgetary sustainability .
Mr President , can I pose a more general question here ?
This is regrettable because the Hungarian Government , and Hungary as a country , is currently leading the European Union .
Solidarity , where is it ?
I am certainly about the steel industry - a industry that has ever been exposed to the export of industrial goods , and now it is almost completely discredited .
This is what the Union is called for .
We voted in favour of the report on the Single Market for Europeans .
I am grateful for broad support from Parliament to improve the proposal for the streamline of the amendment procedure .
I therefore do not think that it is reasonable to adopt a new text with the claim that we are making new conclusions when we actually have nothing new , which will be legally binding .
That is the plea : these are merely a political party that has no purpose and has achieved nothing .
Mr President , Baroness Ashton , I have a number of hot questions on developments in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Agreement between the EC and <UNK> and <UNK> on the short-stay visa waiver (
We are also making efforts to ensure that rights are protected in an internal plan as well .
The regions affected are facing a decline in economic activity , environmental degradation , the loss of agricultural output , the loss of agricultural output , the end of many companies , massive loss of trees , and so on .
More than ten years of debates between institutions are enough .
It is important to find out what has happened in Greece .
The most serious measures entail the restriction of individuals against which they are intended .
Our proposals are those of the <UNK> , not of <UNK> , as the Commissioner knows .
While <UNK> with the paradox of anger make it necessary to strengthen the precautionary measures before allowing the marketing of medicines onto the European Medicines Agency must be punished .
The case of Maria Lourdes Afiuni is absolutely absurd to all those who defend democratic values .
In the face of the arrest warrant issued by the ICC , it is a warrant for the current head of Sudan against humanity and war crimes .
Novel foods and feed ( implementing powers conferred on the Commission ) ( vote )
It is a clear growing interdependency between internal and security .
That is at the heart of all misunderstanding .
With regard to women 's rights , freedom of religion and treatment of suspected of crimes enshrined in crimes , standards must also be respected throughout Turkey .
While Russia has great ambitions for cooperation in foreign and security policy , for example , there are no such ambitions on economic matters .
We share your view that it is vital to ensure that the authorities are able to function independently , that they have the leaders and that adequate funding for the institutions .
They are able to increase if they are finally established if we finally create a Community patent covering this route of the world 's red tape to produce cheap clothing for the production of cheap medicinal products .
I hope that the fact that the fact that the parallel of the debate on the future of cohesion policy will take place during the Presidency of my country , Poland will help to ensure that the proposals for significant reductions in this policy area will not be realised in practice .
Mr President , the legislative process we are beginning with the Treaty of Lisbon is very serious .
The solution , once urgent action has been taken , is more trade , better harmonisation , a single market in goods and especially services .
It is imperative that it does not lose confidence , start acting immediately .
In short , all Member States in future must face the risk of losing the EU budget in the event of constantly default rules .
The resolution also welcomes the Commission 's general commitment made by the Commission and the Member States during the International Donors ' conference , to a total of EUR 1.2 billion in aid , from which EUR 1.2 billion in aid , from the Commission to be granted to support other than the humanitarian aid , from the Commission .
As for Cyprus , Turkey must stop hiding behind what has happened in 2004 .
A modern , European Serbia has a fundamental responsibility in this regard .
The adaptation issue is a cross-cutting issue and it concerns a number of sectoral policies .
It is true ; the Stockholm Programme explicitly states this principle : there have been fewer applications , which is a large number , which is a large number , even higher over the last year .
Discrimination against the workplace , there is still a profound segregation in the labour market , gender pay gap , there is still a lack of gender pay gap and women in politics , insufficient is and support for maternity and single mothers .
We must admit that as it is now , it is not so efficient today .
Moreover , the inclusion of social and environmental standards in trade agreements contributes to regulation of globalisation .
Mr President , I welcome the vote on the European External Action Service , but now , I think it is important to move from the procedures and structures to the real transfer of the service .
Secondly , we need to help the Sahel countries increase the opportunities of the security sectors - the army , the police , a court and border control system - in every country .
What is happening in northern parts of the country is a tragedy that , to a great extent , is very hidden from the rest of the world , because humanitarian organisations and journalists are prevented from seeing learning and have to rely on the most up-to-date information .
The storage of shale gas must not be carried out without a study of impact that will present the risks and measures required to protect the local population and owners with a view to environmental risks .
Moreover , in recent years , the law obliged to press releases and <UNK> to prepare areas of the land and the bullets of their territory .
That is the rest of the world , and it is losing credibility and it is destroying opportunities .
The first is the situation of small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) .
However , let us not forget that cutting or reducing the barriers to ICT from Japan will also benefit the European Union .
Therefore , any evaluation of the Seventh Framework Programme ( FP7 ) of the European Community 's Seventh Framework Programme for Research , Technological Development and Demonstration actions must be linked to the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy and its implementation .
The situation we find ourselves in shows that growth can not be sustained , it is rather tolerable because of the limited nature of natural resources , as well as the wider potential of the planet to take on and wider waste .
More disturbing , when conservative governments , as the current Czech Presidency , are discussing the revision of the Barcelona objectives and brings us back to the cultivation of children back home .
Firstly , we need to create suitable conditions for women so that they can actually work in these posts , and this means adequate care for children , adequate working facilities , and other conditions that really allow women to take on these top posts .
The <UNK> that honourable Members have expressed honourable Members on the background of our role in the EU in the forthcoming election and the weeks ahead of the election is justified .
It is estimated to predict an exemption for the 100 % of the funding for these parties at the start of the financial year , and not 80 % , but the funding from independent sources of debt , which the parties must prove to be reduced to 10 % .
I was recently in Kazakhstan and it was apparent that they were interested in better relations with the European Union .
I strongly support such a system .
( Applause )
I would therefore like to bear in mind that this is a case of a kind of disaster that can not be foreseen - you can only react when they start to take action and you have to show that you are able to organise responses within a very short time .
It is quite clear that , once the accession negotiations have begun , there has been much more progress since in the right direction .
We should not confuse the causes of the consequences and , without underestimating the disproportionate cause of instability in Yemen is not terrorism .
Today , as then , we are concerned with the building of trust and a friendly relationship between our nations .
Closure of the sitting
I would also like to emphasise the fact that Parliament is united in the request for an operational Centre , and I am pleased that you , High Representative , have announced that you are ready to discuss this idea .
So how can we achieve the main objectives that we have set ourselves in the Europe 2020 strategy when we cut funding in these areas ?
In addition , part of our Neighbourhood Policy has relied on the existence of stability .
The recent financial crisis has highlighted three issues in the industry : lack of competition , over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and on a lack of accountability and responsibility for ratings issued by CRAs .
The WTO World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) , which includes deregulation , liberalisation and privatisation of services , has contributed to increasing poverty for the most part of the world 's population , both in developing and in industrialised countries .
Coordination of interests in all situations will be a difficult job .
I believe it is very positive that Parliament is discussing these issues and continues to monitor the situation , as it acts as specific and effective .
I knew a little before Christmas Day , when working at the centre of working in the centre of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights , the Iranian officials of the security forces are prepared to mark the centre of the <UNK> .
We will also express our disappointment over Russia 's recent enlargement from the Energy Charter .
Creating rapid reaction force will enable the EU and Member States to better coordinate their efforts and to give more visibility to the EU 's activities .
All the Member States of the European Union are therefore calling on to combat unemployment , especially youth unemployment , by means of precise proposals in responding to the employment and poverty problem .
Anyone does not want to see matters in this way , we simply need to look at how this budget is being kept in the year and the big problems that we have with the aim of obtaining adequate amounts of money , even if , in applying the solidarity instrument , for example , provided for certain regions of Europe .
This is a fundamental principle of democracy : respect for the rule of law and the independent institutions .
Mr President , in conclusion , I would like to say that the work that we have all been doing will allow us - of course , if Parliament is to adopt the package - to be less concerned about the protection of our seas , the coastline and our fellow countrymen .
As for the public procurement treaty , Canada must grant the European Union the same access that the United States , under their trade agreement , is to give to the same access that the European companies should have the opportunity to participate in <UNK> , regions and certain municipalities .
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
We will have to do this by internal legal rules and the idea that Parliament should be involved in such a way as stated in Article 255 790 concerning the selection of the Court applicants is too interesting and merits more thorough analysis .
However , there are aspects that we do not agree with , such as the supposed link between energy efficiency and the so-called Europe 2020 strategy , which provides for the creation of a single market in the field of energy , the promotion of market instruments , such as the European emissions trading system , which every Member State must encourage .
Without commitments to improve multilateral surveillance in the IMF and the increased participation of economies other than current members , there can be no real success .
Our mental health policy is enshrined in a document entitled <UNK> change ' and many of the calls for action in the rapporteur report are included in our national policy legislation or , in fact , they are enshrined in our legislation .
As long as the poorest regions have a per capita of per capita per capita per <UNK> per <UNK> per EU-27 , the <UNK> region of this figure is only 26 % , in other words 13 times , 13 times .
Furthermore , this Parliament supported by the overwhelming majority of the Treaty , with a view to creating a new instrument , which has not even existed before .
Mr President , let me mention a few important points that I have asked about in relation to the activities of the bank .
I would therefore like to be very clear .
Of course , our political sympathies are obviously different and sometimes contradictory .
As for the scope , the following must be said .
I would like to add that a very constructive debate in the Commission is taking place in the Commission - particularly from Mrs Reding - on the European Public Prosecutor , on which the Treaty of Lisbon has been established .
Secondly , I would like to mention the excellent work of Islamic NGOs in favour of religious tolerance .
The Union must give greater importance to the Eastern Partnership , in particular , to the Black Sea region , which is of particular importance for energy security and diversification in diversifying energy routes for the Union .
It is now very important that we concentrate the aid as soon as possible .
Obviously , we are priorities to alleviate the effects of the financial and economic crisis on European citizens .
For helping to access to abortion is indicative of our cultural level and our <UNK> from human values .
The Geneva Agreement will not put an end to the trade war that we are actually opposed to the United States , because at the same time , when it <UNK> the banana sector in Europe and in ACP countries , in exchange for the refusal of the legal disputes in the WTO , the Commission has further concluded negotiations with the handful of the Interim Chinese and Caribbean countries .
I disagree with the idea that religious leaders should be reduced in their freedom of conscience and religion as regards homosexuality .
Each of the two initiatives there is a separate focus .
I am convinced that you are right in formal terms ; you are with such clear understanding that you are not convinced in this .
I would like to emphasise once again that , if - as it says in the Lisbon Treaty - we have a goal of discussing new own resources for Europe , this will not only be an additional tax for European citizens , but also it will mean that payments from gross domestic product to the European public , but also mean that payments from gross domestic product are reduced to the same size .
The Tibet and , in particular , the <UNK> of monks and nuns (
We have a directive that can not obviously be applied , but what is the reaction of Parliament ?
While , in the United States , they are not in burdens of the social system , but in some countries , they must also leave the territory after their time of contracts , with the recently received these workers of their greater equality , they represent a growing burden on the countries with the people of the poor people , if they are continually in existence , after losing work , if they are members of the family , after losing work , and if they have members of the family , all individually have to be abandoned .
The issue of quality policy of agricultural products has found a minor and unanimous response from the European Parliament 's Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development to the European Parliament , thus making the existing legislation more equitable .
Commissioner , this crisis has not been triggered by a natural disaster , a tsunami or another event , but a series of bad decisions and a whole , the very practicable agricultural policy .
This is a step forward towards the gradual decommissioning of nuclear energy , which we are approving .
The measures that they plan - supporting work , training and retraining , setting up small businesses , supporting start-ups - are ideal for support from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
However , I would like to thank the High Representative once again for she because she also received information , that she wants to say something about this and that as a fundamental obligation and necessity , and she will make a statement on a commitment to make in this regard , which , although not a component of the rules for officials who are not a component of the External Action Service will make it acceptable for future work of the External Action Service .
With regard to the implementation of the directive , I am concerned that the points of single contact that should make it easier for companies , providing information on the conditions for business in a country , as well as other Member States , only operate in 14 countries to date .
That is a very important question .
The period that the Member States must transpose these directives into its legislation is two years .
It is too irresponsible to reconcile budgetary flexibility during a crisis .
I hope this will happen in the second half of this year .
Parliament has reached a compromise with a great deal of effort , which I hope will be supported by the vote tomorrow .
We are here for only five days at a month of month .
The allegations of the frozen accusations that the Caribbean countries have been forced to sign the agreement are not correct .
Documents received : see Minutes
Brazil , which has just been negotiating , is also an example .
More than 1 200 BITs investment agreements issued by Member States in different , often incompatible legal regimes should be placed under the protection of the European Union without jeopardising the rights of the affected parties .
I hope that the Commission will as soon as possible come forward with proposals on this .
It is , as we are today , a group of <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> who has been doing us today what great success is achievable .
It should also provide easier access to smart systems developed in support of citizens who seek a way of resolving legal problems , exploiting large registers , lists of people employed in the judicial system or simply seek <UNK> on the legal system of each Member State .
In fact , they are a useful tool that fosters decision-making in businesses and in the private sector .
The responsibility for protecting <UNK> is enshrined in our most important legal acts - in the Treaty and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights , which is opposed to the Treaty .
In general , this is true , and now , when , in short , we must be like a fire and a fire fire fire that today threatens Europe 's financial stability .
In fact , our judgment is based on the Court of Auditors ' considerations , which gave a qualified opinion on the legality and regularity of operations relating to the European Police College 's budget , due to the fact that public procurement procedures are not in line with the provisions of the Financial <UNK> Service , due to the fact that procedures have not been met by the Financial Assembly in the procedure of June 2011 and for improvements to the relevant outstanding improvements made in respect of all the relevant issues arising during the procedure .
Providing European consumers with the opportunity to know all aspects of a product increases in their knowledge and increases their protection .
Mr President , I welcome many of the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy as a focus on growth , which is to say the growth that is worthy of sustainable growth and the achievement of high employment .
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets . - ( DE ) Mr President , I would like to congratulate the Commission on this communication , as we have set out before .
The recent decisions of the Commission on the constant austerity will have painful consequences for public health and insurance rights , which , together with the request for higher taxes , will reduce the standard of living , will drastically lower living standards for ordinary people .
I therefore propose my support and support the Czech Presidency 's initiative for this initiative presented by this Parliament , and I look forward to working together in their support through greater social awareness and recognition .
However , some incidents that are causing cause for our concern .
It is equally important to increase the loans of the European Employment Service .
The sexual orientation was part of the elements proposed by the Commission and we have taken great importance , but you also need to be aware of the importance of the Commission in some ACP countries that the ACP countries have been banned by a banned law .
The struggle and negligence of HIV/AIDS against HIV/AIDS of the totalitarian crime means that it continues to be a pious hope for millions of people around the world .
( FR ) Mr President , I must say that the sugar agreement , as agreed in the context that was negotiated in committee , was consulted with the proposal we made in the Committee on Regional Development and Rural Development and I deeply regret this .
At present , it does not take into account the various needs of women and their economic and social circumstances .
However , we must recognise that this new step does not reduce the Union 's existing powers and its institutions .
This factor is an important legal aspect that <UNK> EPAs from the previous trade preferences , which were being applied under the Cotonou Convention and which were harmful to trade between the ACP countries and the EU , and has caused considerable uncertainty .
The Commission continues to closely monitor and the case of the democratic closure of the DTP , currently prevailing in the Constitutional Court .
Another matter that is on the top of the day of the various G20 summits is the reform of the international financial institutions , as has already been mentioned by Mrs Malmström .
It reinforces the fine division that is so specific for Europe and which is so expensive for us too dearly .
As you know , at the summit that took place later in December , under the French Presidency , the Heads of State or Government , unanimously agreed the Small Business Act .
The Member States will not allow us .
The European Council , which was held on 25 and 26 March 2010 , will , for the first time , set as one of the EU 's 20 % target for 2020 .
Repeal of directives in the field of metrology ( debate )
This integrity must be a political and social soul , not just economic one .
Following the donors ' Conference of donors in July , the World Bank established a secure Social Fund , including education .
The People 's Republic of Korea has known for many years to be commemorated as the country with the worst violations of human rights .
The Israeli Government is denying the existence of political prisoners and , unfortunately , continues to allow international inspections of independent human rights organisations to be carried out .
The reality is that this is not the case .
What is the link between the ceiling and own resources ?
Under another programme , the resources come to the scoreboard , while the scoreboard of micro-credit can reach a 5 .
I will vote against .
This has become possible through public , national and European aid .
Written declarations included in the register ( Rule 116 ) : see Minutes
We will now see whether Member States have managed to reserve the appropriations within a period of time .
This amendment aims to prevent , on the part of media , the promotion of sexual relationships or other forms of anti-competitive behaviour , which are not listed in the constitution or in the civil code , not least because of the influence that mass information on the mass media and the development of children .
In sub-Saharan Africa , these rights are in very specific and inhumane conditions and I would therefore like to emphasise that it is necessary for the European Union to adopt a responsible and <UNK> approach in the field of health care .
I am convinced that the implementation of this recommendation will continue the traditional division of the Labour Labour Organisation .
I can not fail to emphasise the strategic importance of good relations with Latin America .
Mr <UNK> said that she has not managed to prevent the crisis , because no one has knew who is responsible .
One important solution for the financial system , which is also worthy of consideration , is what is called the Tobin tax .
All the issues must be raised to discuss , including Jerusalem status as a future capital of two states .
We need a common agricultural policy because Europe 's agricultural community must ensure food security and take the path of sustainability .
The Commission therefore firmly believes that the continental and strong parliamentary dimension reinforces the democratic legitimacy of the partnership .
I firmly believe that cooperation must be continued and that also means identifying new forms of cooperation .
Lastly , the EU 's commitment to open trade goes hand in hand with its commitment to sustainable development , which is a cross-cutting objective of EU trade policy , including in the context of the various trade policy initiatives .
On the other hand , Commissioner Wallström , who has very kindly visited Ireland on several occasions , will have a strong voice , which I believe exists in all the strong <UNK> that exist in all the Member States , of people who are close to the heart of the European Union .
The purpose of this proposal is to continue the validity of the transitional arrangements for a further 18 months , i.e . by 1 January 2013 , in order to establish a new set of technical measures within the framework of the ongoing reform of the common fisheries policy , which must be presented by the Commission in 2011 .
However , this plan should not distract the attention of the European Union from the Eastern Partnership .
The question is how should consumer protection and its improvement be organised ?
This problem has a different momentum in the different European countries .
Everything else has a high value and much of good value , but creative .
Moreover , we still expect the limit values for noise , which is harmful to the health values of toys , which is harmful to health .
It is a sad irony that Turkey wants to join the European Union , because it will be <UNK> with the hope that they are going to get out with a great deal of money collected from European taxpayers in the form of subsidies and that they can release the increased use of the increasing Tunisian and <UNK> peoples , such as Britain , where it will operate against low wages , or they will benefit from the social aid system .
We are in an unacceptable situation because a country has a position in its international relations against one of its own citizens .
Other fora , therefore - starting with proposals for a greater retention - also tend to be heading towards 5 % .
I would not have liked to do so , but if we are going to lead by example , and if we are going to lead to a concept , and if we are to put forward ideas between Parliament and the Commission on ways to reconstruct new growth and innovative approaches in the new economy , then then and the Member States must also take responsibility and take such action .
In order to physical violence during the worst case scenario , it can be regret , and it alone merely confirms the urgent need for external support for a peaceful transition to democracy .
In view of achieving the Millennium Development Goals , I believe it is vital to take action to help developing countries tackle climate change .
Sadly , we can no longer get the impression that the state pension ( the first pillar ) will be adequate to ensure that workers are protected .
Congratulations .
Moreover , the reports of the Bank Bank 's central bank show that lending to small and medium-sized enterprises in the UK has , in fact , been aggravated in the last few months and that lending is due to spread over the next few months .
Let us recall that we talk about refugees who often face intolerance in the countries where they are adopted and in which living conditions can sometimes become tragic if they are not found quickly .
This is a report of great importance to encourage Member States to pay particular attention to youth employment .
That is the reality .
The Western Balkan parts of the Korean Peninsula have become a huge <UNK> , which is closed down , which , under the <UNK> administration of their regime , can only dream of free life .
Unfortunately , neither the Commission nor the Members of the European Parliament are proposing to reduce taxes or to serious adjustments that can lead to transparency in tax jurisdictions .
There is a risk that the European Semester will prove to be a bureaucratic , bureaucratic initiative .
The Maltese government has been reminded by EU persons and prisoners , the situation of which is particularly concerned .
We need to achieve them at the same time and assure you that this will happen .
I also believe that the European Union has an important role to play in this process .
The joint motion for a resolution was adopted only with a small positive addition ( encouraging industrial base in the areas in which the use of cyanide in mining ) is prohibited .
What happens if there are no alternatives ?
Sakharov Prize 2009 ( announcement of <UNK> )
All the figures that lorries involved in heavy road traffic accidents are disproportionately large .
( ES ) Mr President , the 2008 report on competition policy for the first time includes Chapter on cartels and consumers .
It is necessary to check whether Union funds are being well used , whether these institutions are meeting the objectives outlined for them , or whether any resources are wasted .
In view of the above distribution of compensatory payments , I voted in favour of this report .
I share this view , but I can not agree with the rest .
Finally , the new agreement with the Republic of Moldova should be an agreement , as with the other countries under the European Neighbourhood Policy .
( PL ) Madam President , Commissioner , in May , the European Parliament adopted a resolution on the simplification of the common agricultural policy .
Energy links , the sea highways to link the southern Mediterranean ports to the southern Mediterranean ports with European and the Mediterranean Solar Plan are areas with significant potential in terms of investment , job creation and development .
At the same time , it is worth noting the growing number of illegal adoptions with the participation of third countries which do not meet the conditions established by the Hague Convention .
It is clear that the implementation of legal obligations is more difficult in the long and complex chains of the interconnected companies .
On the other hand , we believe that the European Banking Authority and the ECB can not guarantee regulatory supervision of the EIB , but of course , there will be no definition of the EIB 's opportunity to fund other types of agreements on the basis of a voluntary approach from the EIB with other bodies .
The processes against foreign journalists , workers from NGOs , workers from NGOs and the Iranian authorities of foreign embassies in Tehran are urgently needed .
Monitoring on the part of the European Parliament on the finances of the Council is far from being transparent .
We simply can not ignore the obvious and important socio-economic <UNK> that play a role here , nor the huge differences in the development of production systems between the countries of the North and the Mediterranean countries .
Thank you , Commissioner , for the key declarations you have made in the field of data protection and universal service , which will enable us to work with you to make progress in these extremely important areas .
We therefore need to strike a new balance between private life , citizens ' freedom and security , which is also a fundamental right of citizens , who we represent in this House .
Both must be removed .
Finally , what role is the European Parliament 's role in the process of maintaining the European Parliament , given that the Europe 2020 Strategy has been a project exclusively chosen by the Council and the Commission ?
The Commission must also present to the European Parliament and the Council before the agreement , a full report on its implementation and facilitate the participation of representatives of Parliament as observers observers observers in Joint Committee meetings .
However , I would point out very clearly that there is another aspect that we need to discuss very seriously , namely that , even if it is decided to resolve the data protection problems remains a matter of whether the principle , in which the banking of many people in Europe has transferred for the purposes of protecting terrorism in fact .
The reopening of negotiations with Mercosur concluded , which is decided by the European Commission , is nothing good for European agriculture , which is going through an unprecedented crisis .
( IT ) Mr President , High Representative , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that this discussion and the debate in this House seriously reinforces the actions with a view to the May summit .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for the Council for its comments and I would like to thank the good luck and wish you well to thank the Commissioner , who is doing her homework today in Parliament , in the work that we are preparing to do .
The CAP should take responsibility for this , how the money is spent on EU money , targeting payments only for the most productive areas , and in the case of the livestock sector , only for animals that are in the lead in the year concerning payments .
New discoveries were presented at the EU-Africa meeting , social development and the incidence of infectious diseases such as HIV/AIDS and TB , an important link that is worth taking into account .
In conclusion , the first phase of this oral report on the Ombudsman 's annual report on the European Ombudsman 's annual activity , we expect constructive work with the European Parliament to continue in the same way as to promote the institution as a model of good governance for national authorities and to continue to function as a model of communication between European institutions and the citizens of Europe .
Agreement between the EC and the government of Malaysia on certain aspects of air services ( vote )
I therefore ask that , at least in this case , we do not contribute to creating additional burdens in the European Union 's legal and economic environment .
Who would question the events of the year 2009 , 1989 or the autumn of 2006 ?
Why were you not informed ?
( DE ) We propose that in paragraph 105 :
As for the time being , there is some delay in terms , there is some delay .
I would like to remind you that the creation of a unitary patent will bring benefits to users of Europe and , in particular , will allow small and medium-sized enterprises , which are often disregarded , improve their competitiveness by better access to protection through a patent , and a reduction in costs .
This will depend on the Irish electorate , but I will be too disappointed if they come to pressure .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) ) )
It is important to understand the past and the causes of the crisis and I think that the Union has done its homework , but today the focus must lie on the future .
We will also make savings , and we also need to make savings .
That is a good opportunity to lay the foundations .
The local elections last year , earlier , have experienced relatively smoothly anywhere in Iraq .
I believe that all the countries that they wish to join and countries of the Croatian must use democratic institutions to strengthen them , not undermine them .
This is more than a quarter of Schengen visas issued in the world .
These proposals must be backed up with innovative measures to help reduce material losses generated by floods .
We in Slovenia are due to vote on it in a referendum that will take place on 6 June this year .
We hope that this does not mean that it does not mean a Europe to further centralisation with additional financial responsibility that would suit every budget .
Moreover , this resolution promotes Russia , as a member of the Council of Europe , to take a commitment to fully European standards in the areas of democracy , human rights and the rule of law .
There are available for alternative <UNK> soya , which could help to ensure the necessary proteins , such as Polish <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> and Polish <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , not to mention <UNK> and <UNK> , which can significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
However , I believe that , in the face of restrictions such as they are being imposed in the EU , it is also important that Members cut their expenditure .
There are specific examples and the Council is opposed to some of them .
The question is : what growth is we all in the century in which the whole world system is changing ?
The report offers a frank dialogue , reciprocal dialogue , the interconnection and independence of the many associations , and will help civil participation in the political process to tackle the serious challenges that it has put to it at national and European level .
It is for this reason that I decided to support the rapporteur on this issue and to vote in favour of this report .
The naive absence of a common immigration policy , which is worthy of and conform to the values that Europe maintains , risks to the planned revision of Article 13 the problem of repression and the pursuit of illegal immigrants .
Worse : the Treaties already provides that everything happens , everything will be subordinated to other commitments or limitations in even greater , perhaps a world , a UN and a <UNK> knows what is still further .
I therefore support efforts by Member States to support freedom of association and collective bargaining in order to abolish forced and collective bargaining , to eliminate forced and compulsory work , to put an end to discrimination in connection with the workplace and to elimination of child labour .
We also need appropriate legislative solutions to ensure that religious pluralism is brought into line with European standards .
The sustainability and competitiveness of the sector must be balanced .
Those are just a few examples and explanations of common amendments that I call on you to support .
I apologise that I am not responding to the issue of Camp Ashraf .
Before the vote :
Last week , Parliament proposed a compromise in the last minute .
Victims are unfair and paradoxically that victims are often more , and that they are often more about rights and that there is much more talk of the rights of the victim than about the rights of victims .
It is important to ensure at least that this money does not go to the United States .
Thus , responding to responses and avoid legislative obligations , not to moral obligations , are signs of a decent attitude .
The lesson to be achieved in Copenhagen will have to be based on the principle of shared responsibility , but also on accountability .
In 2008 , the European Commission recognised that these languages constitute an important link between people and different regions in the world .
By helping the banana sector in these countries , we are helping them to develop jobs and combat poverty .
I therefore call on the Commission to ensure that , in all our future actions , the individual features of each country - things that really do well and are crucial for pension systems in the Member States .
I believe that special attention should be focused on youth training programmes and support programmes for young entrepreneurs .
It is not long that other juvenile and other minors are executed in Iran .
To this end , it lists the implementation of the <UNK> policy and <UNK> ' to immigrants .
The Council is not here tonight .
It would be good , however , to see such leadership in other areas : for example , to promote financial supervision in European scale , to engage in fiscal reform , to be able to engage in fiscal reform , or to make a real commitment to a financial transaction tax .
Those are people who are not getting aid .
In this regard , I must warn you of unfair competition , which the third of the world in an integrated market can create preconditions .
It should be much more important to take account of the purchasing power and definitely the power of the <UNK> in some regions is far less than the average for the country .
They voted 'no ' because they have not gone in enough direction .
Leaving this aside , I voted in favour .
You said last week - for which I thank you - during talks with Mr Barroso and then that , if the law is linked to European law , you will table it in your Parliament for the necessary changes .
The Commission therefore believes that an adequate process will only be a coordinated process within the framework of the Community , in line with unilateral initiatives by Member States to bring to bear border controls at internal borders .
The time that we are successfully freeing from poverty , the collapse of Communism will all die forever .
People are particularly concerned about their wages , about workers ' rights and public services , as well as about the domination and right of the smaller states .
Other 500 workers will lose their jobs in the next month and 1 500 workers are in jeopardy in the chain .
The High Representative must fulfil its commitment , which has already been emphasised on a number of occasions , to ensure that Member States , such as Romania , are currently well represented in the structures of the Commission and the Foreign Affairs Council , which will be transferred fairly in the European External Action Service .
I would like to emphasise that we should support the natural elimination of greenhouse gas emissions , which helps to maintain biodiversity .
Finally , we can achieve a more all-embracing in the area of equality between women and men , providing a system for proper education , because respect for women is not sufficient , but can not be fully defined and incorporated into the best documents if it is not part of our culture , our customs and our upbringing .
Unfortunately , it hardly mentions the need to combat the discriminatory attitude , the aspect of human rights .
The EU has already laid the foundations for this by means of the climate and energy package agreed by the European Parliament and the Council in December 2008 .
Setting up new comitology rules is a key element of the legislative process .
That was the debate in this House , and I would like to thank Parliament for its strong support for the proposed creation of the so-called intermediate category in the next period .
However , we have - and we must have - the good will to express our solidarity and cooperate in order to help to solve this problem .
We can regulate the background in documents so this will be feasible .
This report essentially refers to the fact that it does not always turn into the shadow of reports , but which , on the other hand , maintains jobs and , in my opinion , should be regulated throughout Europe .
This resolution strongly supports the negotiations initiated by the Commission to reach a comprehensive , comprehensive trade agreement between the EU and Canada .
These are two areas that can help improve its energy security and have significant potential in terms of industrial development , innovation , territorial development and job creation .
However , climate protection can only succeed if it is globally carried out .
We must promote European policy , promoting illegally staying migrant workers , ensuring that this does not lead to rapid procedures for returning to infringement rights .
We need to increase the number of courses and proposals for apprenticeships , allowing us to develop and improve these skills , as well as encouraging companies to improve the number of opportunities that offer young people better opportunities .
Oral explanations of vote
It is even more urgent to look at the urgency of seeing a rapid and easily closed way of rescuing up to banks , insurance companies , insurance agencies and <UNK> from car factories and how many millions of dollars are paid in the form of bonuses bonuses bonuses bonuses and how hundreds of dollars are being made in the form of bonuses of money , while at the same time the <UNK> demands of rich resistance for development .
At the beginning of this month , it was said that <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> had been stunned to death in a <UNK> prison because he had a <UNK> word , <UNK> , <UNK> <UNK> , his countrymen .
This is contrary to the spirit of the freezing of settlements and damages to create a climate that can help to achieve a lasting settlement of conflict .
This opportunity should constitute an opportunity to make available more effective instruments that will become more effective and visible , with the aim of enabling , through closer cooperation , the immediate mobilisation of all the necessary resources .
It is not possible to introduce higher standards such as these without money , all expenses are transferred to the authorities which should introduce standards .
We have also improved budgetary cooperation on budgetary and financial perspectives ; 3 .
As I mentioned , the path to this objective was quite <UNK> , because , despite our unanimous objective , the initial coexistence of the Council made it hard for the first reading of the journey .
European foreign policy must help to unblock the situation .
The definition 'least developed countries ' , which are not exclusively based on the level of income per head of the population , but takes into account the human capital and the issues in the area of economic development .
On the rules of origin , negotiations with South Korea have caused a number of changes that are in agreement with the ongoing reform process in these rules .
Romania is ready to offer staff with the expertise needed in the European External Action Service ever since the moment in which it was established .
Nowadays , there are many small civil organisations who are doing an excellent job at local level .
We must not make sure that we do not keep these SMEs with excessive bureaucratic burden .
In effect , European innovation partnerships are , in effect , an instrument for creating synergies between existing programmes at European , national and regional level .
We must do the same , we must keep small businesses like paying money to practical money , not as countries with debt , but as countries with loans .
The EU has demonstrated its wish to relate to the Covenant and make a commitment to the EU 's unilateral emissions of the EU by 20 % of 1990 and the preferred proposal to a reduction of a 30 % reduction if other large producers of emissions of emissions were also agreed to contribute to a share of the global effort to reduce emissions .
However , I do not want to talk about the political aspects of this event , but about the fact that the new government has no among its members of either a single woman .
For this reason , I am in favour of a realistic approach and of the maximum use of the treaty that we have .
The Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats is doing their job in full respect of this responsibility .
Similarly , as a disgracefully insufficient funding , there is a stalemate in money for countries that could benefit from the financial instrument to cooperation with industrialised and other countries , and territories with high income ( <UNK> ) , but I will also conclude , Mr President , we are unable to go further , because there is no solution to the problem of the legal basis of this instrument .
This will help to improve consumer confidence and also the interest of businesses to cross-border transactions .
Unfortunately , we are now in a position to talk about those who are present and are in the hands of the pirates .
The Council of the European Union should include this issue on the agenda of relations with a problematic issue , which does not have a delay .
Finally , I would like to assure you that the Commission is regularly monitoring about the transposition and implementation of the directive on <UNK> and <UNK> .
I am voting for this report , given that the current Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and São Tomé and Príncipe is in force since 2006 and the validity of the protocol to it is expired on 31 May 2011 .
So much negative energy has been pouring from Germany .
The provision of new functions of Europol will only be possible through changing the legal basis , with the involvement of the European Parliament 's legal basis .
The burden on the uncontrolled use of cross-border healthcare could have been a huge amount of burden .
In this case , we found a solution which I would describe as a model of example , and this decision will be used later this week in conjunction with another important piece of legislation .
It is fundamental to put particular emphasis on respect for fundamental human rights of the most prominent people , in other words , medicine and <UNK> , in any case , also ensure the relevant level of protection of personal data and , at the same time , ensure the relevant level of data protection .
( DE ) Mr President , Mr Barnier , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to express my sincere thanks to those Members from the European Parliament and the European Commission who were involved in the work on the joint report .
I call on my fellow Members , those of you who will return to the next term : we will have to make a double effort to ensure that the Commission 's measure is rejected once and not only flexible .
We currently have 1 500 cases in which we work in cooperation with the problems , firstly in the name of citizens , but also on behalf of a large number of businesses .
In our opinion , such assistance is better and more effective than direct aid , where funds are used without a proper level of discretion .
With regard to the third and final element of the task force , I have now come to the follow-up .
At the end of last year , this government adopted a new media law , guaranteeing freedom of the press .
There are significant social issues where people who are <UNK> go beyond what they must do .
We need to end a fire and opening , not only of corridors for humanitarian aid , but also of all control points , because what would happen if people have no to eat and not trade ?
The Commission and Parliament must work hand in hand and ensure that these resources coincide with our will .
Unfortunately , the three frozen conflicts in the region severely hampered the European Neighbourhood Policy and not only this , but also the development of the countries themselves .
We need to be able to make sure investments for a long period .
The Commission has proposed once again that the Council should once again address the need to set a target reduction in the EU 's CO2 reduction target of 30 % for industrialised countries , opening up a 10 % reduction in the industrial negotiations for the developing countries and it has proposed - and that is fundamental for international negotiations - Europe to provide a 30 billion budget for the climate facility for developing countries by 2020 .
I hope that the new European Microfinance Facility for Employment and Social Inclusion will give them considerable support in this regard .
I would therefore like to emphasise the urgent need for Member States and their respective regions to apply for European funds that are at their disposal .
The Commission justifies the Council 's intention to approve the accession of both sides in the Schengen area , and I would like to thank all colleagues for their professional work .
Within the framework of the <UNK> Plan ( democracy , dialogue , debates ) must show to citizens that the European Union and its institutions are transparent and serve to the citizens .
The Court of Auditors , which is responsible for external financial control , states that , after careful evaluation of the accounting accounts of the Centre , it has received reasonable confidence that they are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular .
However , it is often much more than that .
The Tibetan population is forbidden to do whatever it may to rescue their own culture , identity and religion .
( The President cut off the speaker )
So , using as a starting point of departure today , because we are preparing for the London Summit next week , I propose that Europe , Europe , will take the central role in replacing the so-called Washington Consensus with a new and principled consensus of our time .
Members are not represented by the EU institutions , but are elected by the citizens of the Member States .
I am particularly referring to the reduction targets for a reduction in <UNK> and <UNK> and the attack on meat and dairy farming .
I support the report and its recommendations .
Russia is the third largest trading partner of the EU and has an important strategic importance for the energy supply of Europe .
Does this not mean that there is something fundamentally fundamentally more fundamentally <UNK> in the European Union ?
I voted against the interim agreement signed between the EU and the United States on the processing and transfer of financial data for European citizens , not only because it is very bad in view of the fact that it places compliance with the principles of necessity and proportionality , and also the integrity and safety of European financial data , and also because Parliament has not been given a chance to properly exercise its prerogatives .
The strategy should be more effectively coordinated and more effectively in keeping with the EU 2020 strategy and EU policies for the post-2013 ' strategy .
Then I draw attention to Amendments 3 , 4 and 5 .
I am not sure whether I have all the details of the details , but of course I can come to them later .
I have said this time , and this time I have made a particular remark to you , Mr President .
Thirdly , the potential consequences of the delays in the implementation of illegal harvesting , while this person has received their pay .
This also includes the implementation of these requirements for existing buildings .
These policies risk making it more evident growth in the bud , when it is only beginning to revert to positive values , although the pace that increasing production of production is increasing low .
The main progress made through this directive in comparison with the existing legislation is that patients will be able to choose their provider of healthcare services and have access to information about the quality and safety of the care they have .
<UNK> of estimates and management in activities ( <UNK> )
Is it a fear of accepting Guantánamo inmates , as they are thought that they will face a risk of security after their release ?
I would like to take this opportunity to mention a new tool which must be created using the European Parliament and could fund itself using the aid instrument to help in a more effective and more flexible way to those who often risk their lives in the fight for democracy , the rule of law and human rights in countries which are often risking their lives in the fight for democracy , the rule of law and human rights in countries which are in a transition of democracy , the rule of law and many more help , which require greater support over the domination of the Albanian forces .
towns and urban areas therefore need special attention within cohesion policy .
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Development . - ( LT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to emphasise that the Treaty of Lisbon will give the European Union more opportunities to take on the initiative in shaping development policy coordination , improve coordination of development policy , improving coordinating the tasks and making more effective assistance available .
( SK ) Mr President , the volume of the internal market in goods in the EU amounts to 17 % of the world market , and this in the EU 's services market is 28 % of global services in services .
However , sometimes one must recognise - as many people are in life - when things do not work and think about alternatives .
We must clarify what a multiple-entry visa is actually a visa and so that we can avoid the misunderstandings and other misunderstandings that could arise .
Due to the time constraints , I will only mention a few <UNK> types of protection that we need to have a high or even higher level of protection .
The future CAP must be understandable not only to farmers , but also to taxpayers .
All these issues are well covered in this text , but we believe that there are three points that need to improve .
It is therefore imperative for Thailand to find a consensus with all the countries on the way forward to a more prosperous society .
The burden must be paid to the other side : Israel , and not Israel , should pay for Gilad Shalit , a man , a ransom .
It is scandalous that numerous appeals on the part of the European Union and other parts of the world to improve the human rights situation are simply neglected .
Again , our High Representative seems to have spoken out that he said very little , but it does so .
There are many things to be said about the development of dialogue between citizens and institutions in the European Union .
The Commission 's proposal combats the <UNK> of visas ' .
Let me state , however , that the obvious thing of African countries : you know that what happens in Zimbabwe is incorrect .
On the contrary , it will become much more complicated .
According to the statistics of the International Monetary Fund from 2009 , Taiwan occupies the world 's most unsuccessful place in economic terms , with its <UNK> estimated USD <UNK> billion worth of the year 2060 .
The decision that is to be taken on a future date can be in favour of a review of the financial instruments , as we are going to apply to amending the financial instruments , because to the amending budgets and to the general budget , must be applied to the same approach .
Although Malaysia has signed a number of international conventions , including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women ( <UNK> ) and the Convention on the Rights of the Child , it still refuses to sign other such , and in particular the Convention against Torture and degrading or Degrading Treatment or Degrading Treatment or Punishment or Degrading Treatment or Punishment .
It strongly supports the introduction of a common European immigration policy ' , welcomes 'the institutional consequences of the Treaty of Lisbon , particularly enlargement of the codecision procedure and the vote with a qualified majority on immigration policies ' and the adoption of the European Pact on Immigration Pact , in other words , an outdated , inhuman policy that criminalises , defending , protect , protect , protect and <UNK> immigrants .
I would like to make two points .
Has he received that ?
In recent weeks , the lives of millions of Poles , gay , bisexual and Hungarians were swept down by floods and natural disasters in Central Europe .
I hope that we will be able to start negotiations in this regard soon .
Conditions are eligible for the Council to decide on Article 4 ( 2 ) of the Act on abolishing checks on internal , Schengen and maritime borders .
I believe that the legislative solutions that we have adopted will serve as an additional incentive to mobilise European producers , which will realise that green technology is an opportunity for development .
Madam President , Pakistan 's constitution distinguishes a distinction between Muslims and the <UNK> , thereby creating discrimination on the basis of religion .
Finally , I would like to raise the issue of prior authorisation for hospital treatment , the introduction of which is based on a whole series of restrictions on Member States , although this principle allows both scrutiny of the Member States ' financial equilibrium and a guarantee of reimbursement conditions .
We must use the strength of these communities .
What are the key elements in this programme ?
Together with the European Parliament , the Spanish Presidency has made significant progress in the field of financial regulation .
Those who supported the weakness in the past must now accept the <UNK> .
in writing . - ( DE ) We need a differentiated approach to the enlargement strategy .
The EU must lay down the basic principles guiding the forms of the common cooperation with the United States on the objectives of counter-terrorism to the counter to the counter-terrorism of information and the mechanisms for the transfer of information on its citizens who are suspected of suspicious or <UNK> .
Croatia has also reached an agreement with Slovenia ratified by Parliament relatively rapidly , which shows the strong resolve to fulfil the requirements .
Finally , I would like to reiterate the crucial role that the European Parliament has played in promoting ambitious EU climate policy .
Today , we are seeing a very important point .
The local press is holding a discussion on a violation of passenger transport , while the amendment tabled in this House actually concerns the elimination of a single contact unit , which actually gives transparency and guarantees fair competition .
At present , ensuring enough quantity of safe and nutritious food is a key political priority in the European Union and in the world .
If we take seriously it , a Europe 2020 strategy can direct our local , national economies and European economies into future sources of growth .
The next item is the vote .
I would like to put a slogan for this : <UNK> <UNK> ' does not lead to good and good quality , not to a failure ' .
The last thing I would like to say is : we are doing so to bring the TEC 's attention to the idea of a joint definition of the <UNK> for other production operations .
Europe is at a crossroads .
The European Union can achieve a great deal .
- ( ES ) Mr President , Mr Barroso , only a united Europe , which is prioritising global growth and employment , will be able to carry out international action to strengthen and manage crises , improve regulation of financial systems and support the most vulnerable countries in this first global crisis .
As we try to emerge from the crisis , we are promoting job creation , including independent workers .
This motion for a resolution follows in accordance with the following : it states that the Lithuanian state is attacking freedom and non-discrimination , based on sexual orientation .
As far as my proposal is concerned , Commissioner , is a comprehensive provision for a large number of products , but milk is not among them .
The Commission finally has taken up its responsibilities and substantially improve the Commission 's proposal .
No , what the situation is , the cumulative effect is that the EU will go even further to the dangerous situation that it will lose its competitiveness against other countries such as the United States , Japan or the countries of the <UNK> .
Moreover , in order to avoid scenarios where funds remain due to excessively complex regulations and procedures , it is vital that cohesion and implementation of cohesion policy should be simplified .
If you wish you to speak under the catch-the-eye procedure , you will have this opportunity at the end of the debate .
This will provide an additional safeguard against abuses and the spread of weapons for mass destruction .
In this regard , I would like briefly to mention that we have developed proposals in very closely cooperation with the relevant industry .
Why did you invite you to do this ?
Furthermore , SOLVIT centres require additional resources .
This is a text that does not only introduce at European level the principles of the Financial Stability Council agreed at Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh in September 2009 , but also goes further , placing strong and strong convictions on the shoulders of the credit institutions and investment companies .
From the very beginning , I believe that this will create uncertainty and will simply lead to new requests for exemption and exclusion .
Explanations of vote
This can be achieved by proposing them the lead of the European single market .
The real predicament here is that , if we can not compete with Chinese people now , how will compete with a improved energy efficiency in the coming years ?
That is precisely why the first and most important aim of the directive must be to protect public health from falsified medicinal products .
( RO ) Madam President , Commissioner , strengthening energy security is an important point in your programme .
The strategic plan for energy technologies is intended to contribute precisely to this objective .
It is an alternative to the provision of care in orphanages for the purposes of children , irregular adoption or resolving the problems in their biological families .
If you act at European level with the same intensity and determination , you will also push Europe towards modernisation .
The collapse of the fish is depending on oil prices .
I believe that it is important to support European SMEs as well as the complete liberalisation of the movement of people , goods and services , in order to maximise the full range of the Single Market .
Therefore , please ask the Commission to rectify this illegal situation .
Bosnia and Herzegovina must make significant changes in its internal structures and procedures .
The report also highlights the concerns of the negative impact of the legal solutions on the labour market in Europe .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , it is the year of biodiversity and , through this regulation , an important provision containing measures to combat climate change and maintain biodiversity .
This agreement must meet three conditions : keep global warming below 2 2° C , covering all the countries and adapted future efforts to higher levels of ambition , according to the accumulation of new knowledge .
I would also like to commend the work of President Calderón in Mexico , and it deserves our support in the fight against <UNK> .
It is also possible to prove that Europe can be a leader in this area .
Europe 2020 is a project for growth and employment - we need specific projects , we need instruments , we need toolbox , so that it can be carried out so that it can be successful .
There are provisions to be continued in the documents that have been requested in the relevant programmes for the period 2007-2013 .
We should pay equal attention to the South and East .
One of the European Union 's priority objectives should be to introduce a transparent , clear , effective and high-quality regulatory environment .
Everyone has to play its role .
It is regrettable that the importance of people-trafficking is not recognised by the parliaments of 16 Member States , including , I must say , of my own country , and they are not <UNK> for the necessary ratification and adopted Council convention on human trafficking from 2005 .
The proposed revision of EU law concerns primarily technical issues , which have no major political impact .
The average consumer cost of private sector figures is increasing by more than 80 % over the last decade .
Of course , we need strong European economic governance , but first we need to tackle the chaos caused by debt .
We must , of course , support democracy and the protection of human rights .
In order to come out of the recession , we need to plan the financial resources at European level and the idea of own resources should be put into practice .
In Mediterranean countries , these new technologies are not built at the same rate .
I therefore call on the Commission and the Council to step up dialogue and implement the specific measures as part of their relations with these countries .
This is a mechanism for bringing people who are attempting to cross borders of travel , in a way that does not just respect the fundamental human rights , but also forces to stretch to even more from the more dangerous attempts to enter the Union , often with the cost of their lives , and of course , increasing the subsistence trafficking for human beings .
On the eve of the 20th anniversary of the 20th anniversary of the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and the Protection of Their Families , this cowardly anniversary is wholly unacceptable : the Union must finally take into account the conclusions of the numerous studies that show that the benefits - as well as the economy , and the country of origin - and the country of origin , and the countries of origin go to power and effectively continue to hand in full and effective implementation of migrants .
Draft amending budget <UNK> (
Europeans did not want this and the people of France and the Netherlands said 'no ' .
We have asked our rules to implement our rules properly .
( HU ) Mr President , with the accession of Romania and Bulgaria in 2007 , part of the Black Sea region became an internal Balkans of the European Union .
That is what I have seen our actions and that is the case for Mr Barroso , for the ideas she has presented to us today in Parliament .
The European Union should never be the victim of such behaviour .
The hundreds of thousands of people died , killing thousands of homeless thousands , hundreds of thousands of homeless , millions of homeless .
The issue of the arrangements for the EU import regime in fishery and aquaculture products , and particularly the conditions in which products produced outside the EU are , in parallel or competition with European fishery products and aquaculture products - is essential and analysis of these sectors of the European economy must be borne in mind .
This last point , the supplementary issue , which was one of the mistakes that triggered the moral authority of the United States to the world .
This measure , which implements the 'polluter pays ' principle , aims to encourage the gradual renewal of lorries travelling along our road .
At some point , these policies must be integrated into a given moment in future .
We owe this to the taxpayers who live in the north and the south of the Erika in Italy and Austria .
In 2000 , the number of employees in 2000 was <UNK> and today it is more readable .
I do not see any reason for it and I hope that I will make the very clear reasons that I have mentioned in the approval of it .
That is essential .
You have taken a few minutes to the very different things .
According to the report , there are currently 56 000 patients who are waiting for an adequate organ transplant holder .
In cases where human rights are systematically breached , the specific instrument for the relevant countries resolutions are an extremely important instrument both in the UN Human Rights Council and in the United Nations General Assembly .
My question to you is this : can we expect a negotiating mandate for a new agreement on the transfer of data for a new agreement on the transfer of data before or at the summer ?
simplifying the rules for eligibility of expenditure ;
Young people are not only our future , but they are our red .
In general , beyond financial systems , in order to make our longer-term objectives less effective , we will share a double amount of business .
All of this , of course , they are legal regulations that are measured by figures that report to us .
In addition , almost 80 % of people living below the poverty line .
All Members of this House must also be responsible for the way they vote .
This really was opposed to a lack of experience in a country that experienced almost half a dozen <UNK> period , but also to those who were perfectly prepared to exploit these weaknesses .
After all , the Solidarity ' can indicate three great achievements in its history .
In view of this , it is clear that the European Union should put pressure on UN Secretary-General to produce a true independent evaluation .
We must put pressure on the Commission , but preferably , not to do so , when we are so impressed by the time .
People are living below the poverty line .
I voted in favour of this resolution because fishing , particularly in the Mediterranean , is more than just an economic activity - it is part of culture and lifestyle .
It is also very annoying that , by 2010 , depression will become the most modern disease in modern society .
Furthermore , I would stress the importance of the deployment of initiatives to provide relevant information on social provisions as well as to create suitable infrastructure and areas for the sake of adequate infrastructure and areas of <UNK> in order to ensure compliance with the provisions .
If you assume that the education of a man is continuing 30 years , and the ten years old , that they will be pensioners for 40 years .
Subject : Croatia , Macedonia and south-eastern Europe
This accession entailed the introduction of border controls between Liechtenstein and Switzerland for the first time in which there has been no real border .
However , in order to do everything , and for the Union for the Mediterranean , adequate resources and this time we need to be responsive .
In order to present a more comprehensive picture of the development of the internal market , the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection calls for the same scoreboard , the report of the Internal Market , the report of the Consumer Service , the report of the Service , the report of the Consumer Rights Service and the Consumer Development scoreboard .
A financial effort is also required to create suitable infrastructure , including a sufficient number of safe places of facilities for intercity and services in the European area so that drivers can truly respect provisions for driving hours and rest periods of rest periods .
I will therefore have heard the facts and support what he has said .
However , we know that this is a very serious disease with very serious financial consequences and therefore also a very serious social problem .
The phrase <UNK> ' .
In two words , the burden on the British taxpayer would increase the burden for the British taxpayer .
I therefore support the report by my fellow Member who supports a strong , responsible CAP , which is geared towards young farmers ; it offers a struggle on agricultural markets and price volatility , which it is causing a struggle on agricultural markets and price volatility , which it is to become a priority , and that the fight against poverty within the EU and the world 's health must become a priority , while food security and access to food is made primarily .
It points out that medium-sized countries , such as Portugal , are doing very well in such a way as such , and that more countries such as Spain are recognised as leaders in the organisation and best practices .
It is time to discuss this shameful issue , to confront this shameful phenomenon and to begin effectively counter sexual violence in Haiti .
What I heard , left to me , seems to me to have thought of an excellent principle . free movement of people is one of the most important freedoms .
The Commission was very much involved , thanks to several Member States who have quite a few satisfactory results in compliance with human rights .
It is not a good thing to install an building site so that it can be incredibly energy-efficient if then it had remained empty , because then it was eventually increased dramatically .
I have already started to work and will continue to work , and I can confirm my commitment .
I have always been a supporter of the creation of opportunities for disabled people .
I therefore believe that this report comes from the difficult situation and is a first , important step towards creating a strong European foreign policy , determined to maintain its own role and political importance on the international stage .
The price of renewable energy that these countries have is essential for their economic and social development , allowing them to move towards energy independence so that they can manage to deal with the global crisis .
( Applause )
It is good that this resolution is tabled , but most importantly of all it is human rights to <UNK> over the economy .
We look forward to what you will say .
The interpreter of forced abortions .
To date , disputes arising from the Euro-Mediterranean agreements relied solely on diplomatic approaches .
Nevertheless , I disagree with the fight against HIV issues such as abortion .
The collapse of money in the Roma settlements does not work as it shows the experience so far .
By the way , Central Europe shows that there is still a future for the former parties - even for them , there is life expectancy after the old system .
Their aim is to facilitate the provision of services throughout Europe .
Thirdly , I regret that the Council is not here .
In order to achieve this , the best way of using the resources in a more effective way is to use resources in a more effective way - a target that is to pursue , especially if the result is the legitimacy and the reproduction of a woman .
The debate is closed .
We should not shy away or <UNK> them , but should enable them to integrate into public life and continue their careers .
In this sense , I would like to emphasise that dementia , of course , does not just affect sufferers ; they also concern the people around them , such as family members and health workers .
What you say in your resolutions is that the rights of a national state are above the rights of a national state .
First , this entails making legal provisions of European legislation more transparent in the field of consumer protection .
In addition , we are looking for links with civil society and with sections of the administration and we will try to find common ground with the government on its responsibilities for achieving the Millennium Development Goals .
The proposed procedure will streamline and speed up the process of issuing authorisation through a centralised assessment of foodstuffs performed by the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) , and set specific deadlines for each stage of the process .
At this early stage , reducing plenary sittings at the Joint Parliamentary Assembly would make sense .
Despite the extent and seriousness of the consequences of mental health violations , today in the world and in Europe , there are still countries where sufficient attention is made to this problem .
We regret that not all of them were adopted , particularly those who advocate instruments for regulating the markets and intervention mechanisms that ensure farmers fair prices and the right of each country to produce .
Madam President , I am not a supporter of the notion that our economic medicine lies in small reductions in tax cuts , something that we have seen in the United Kingdom with frankly - just a minor positive effect .
Of course , we welcome the strong commitment of Russia to promoting dialogue between the Presidents and Azerbaijan in the context of the Nagorno-Karabakh problem .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we know from experience of experience of what the most productive and the <UNK> are .
The outlook was critical , but constructive support for our commitment to Turkey in an extremely important period .
This agreement will help to exchange ideas and experience for the scientific community , industry and ordinary citizens .
This may be the last moment in which we have the opportunity to say so , and therefore all Ukrainians must be confident that integration , cooperation with Europe and the changes in legislation are their personal responsibility .
All Members who have asked to speak , should be informed if they are elected or not .
It is such an extremely disturbing fact that women are at risk of falling into poverty than men ; especially , a high risk of older women and single parents .
Such proposals are made in Parliament .
( HU ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , millions of European citizens expect us to take fast decisions .
That will also have to be included in your mandate and in the outcome of your negotiations .
This will be the protection system within the Union and you know perfectly well that , under the Treaty of Lisbon , this is not an option , but a goal .
The aim of the meeting will be to present an official agreement on the credits for Greece , the financial assistance package for Greece , to cope with the disastrous financial situation of the country , and to reflect the lessons that can be drawn from the situation and the agreements that can be drawn from the euro area and the whole European Union .
However , the establishment of the green paper on the reform of the common fisheries policy gives us all the opportunity to change the common fisheries policy , and I hope that fellow Members will benefit from this chance to study as much as possible so that their voice heard as possible .
In recent times , the EIB has taken specific steps to deal with the situation , particularly through the audit of its audit committee , which has significant experience in banking supervision .
I have one last point .
It should be emphasised that operations under the law of border controls are carried out under the Community law , particularly the Schengen Borders Code .
Oral questions and written declarations ( tabling ) : see Minutes
However , is it time for action ?
We do not want to create an <UNK> , but we have had the opportunity to state today and say that the control of the press by the Italian Prime Minister is a clear abuse .
The establishment of democracy , where citizens enjoy fundamental freedoms and human rights , will bring significant advantages to Georgia .
This must be taken seriously by the policy responsible for policies .
Transparency must also be applied in terms of labelling of animal products fed fed .
In order to support the impact assessment , which will show the rationale of this initiative , the Commission will propose a tightening up of EU law , in particular , so as to improve the inspection and application of the Waste Shipments Regulation .
I would like to start by saying very briefly , because the document that the honourable Member referred to is not a document adopted by the Commission and there is no authorisation to publish it , but the Commission intends to adopt a communication later this month to adopt a communication to the Council and Parliament 's expenditure , which will be made up to 30 % of the reduction in emissions of greenhouse gas emissions by the greenhouse effect .
And I hope this is not just yet another strategy that is going on to be a paper , so I would also like to note the importance of implementation and control .
The European Investment Fund announced that the operations that are being prepared will be balanced and balanced in terms of the geographical scope .
The Commission is closely monitoring developments in terms of both the markets and the associated markets .
However , this paragraph is possible to be subject to differing interpretations .
The regulation aims to establish a common framework for passenger rights in bus and coach transport by ensuring them level of protection , thereby ensuring that other vehicles , such as trains and aeroplanes .
We have laid down new transparency requirements in the new text that are of paramount importance .
We have a strong framework for cooperation through the Black Sea Synergy initiative , which was launched some time ago , although there are no real results .
( SK ) I am convinced that the European Union must send out a clear message to Belarus that it is ready to revise relations with the state if Belarus does not take a stop to human rights and democratic principles and does not take corrective action .
This fundamental right may be openly in the conventions of the European Council and elsewhere , but not in practice .
Are you <UNK> to pay a <UNK> or perhaps <UNK> and perhaps <UNK> , and ultimately we have nothing to do with it ?
I myself am in favour of this , to put on the first place , to put consumers ' safety and their right to information , and this is true of all foods .
We do not want the money to be reduced to hard-pressed capital .
I voted for this report because I support the annual review of the Europe 2020 Strategy , the principal emphasis on which the employment and economic policy guidelines must be integrated .
We therefore need the assistance of Russia to convince Iran not to create a nuclear disarmament .
I would like to thank you , Mr Diamandouros , and I will conclude by saying that , as a result of your daily work , we have specific evidence that it is possible not only to adopt these challenges , but especially to provide proper and satisfactory answers to citizens .
Firstly , President Obama affirmed its ambition to have a world without nuclear weapons and its commitment to actively <UNK> the Treaty on a complete ban on nuclear testing ( BITs ) of the United States .
In fact , new , sustainable ways of making more and more efficient use of resources and more efficient use of resources and goods are becoming increasingly necessary .
The rules for allocating European Union funds have been simplified given the complicated situation in the labour market and the increasing number of unemployed .
I believe that this will be a positive outcome .
The best argument against such action is the situation in the Member States that resort to it at national level .
Now it is a matter of negotiating a specific agenda which reflects the priorities in question reflect the priorities in question .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .
in writing . - ( PT ) The regrettable fact that various EU Member States still have not recognised the independence of Kosovo is enough to show us that the content of this resolution is unacceptable .
For example , it is not acceptable for ever more and more institutions providing services of public interest to be exposed to private competition .
In reality , the Commission issued its guidelines for screening cancer screening and , at the moment , the Member States should honour these guidelines and introduce screening programmes for breast cancer in their countries as soon as possible .
I also support the fact that a clause on the temporary suspension of the protocol is included in the interim Protocol in the event of violations of human rights .
That will be a big test for Hungary too .
We also lay down high environmental standards and quality standards for our fishermen , which naturally also reflects in prices for our fishermen , which naturally also reflects in prices .
I would be interested to know what the Socialists stand .
I therefore believe that this own-initiative report is timely and , overall , I support it .
The Council believes that the use of antimicrobials would have been to lead to the improper application of the veterinary standards .
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
I therefore request that this order be maintained too .
Mr President , I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs , firstly with whom I really worked very effectively in drafting this report , and secondly , all members of the secretariat of the secretariat of the committee , because this has been a very challenging task .
We believe that economic governance , the Union 's economic governance , the economic government of the Union must have solid foundations .
It must be crystal clear , however , that the future attitude of our Mercosur partners certainly allows the resumption of the negotiations , but this certainly does not ensure their successful conclusion .
According to estimates of experts , for a period of 10 to 15 years , in the most important of an environmental viewpoint , in the area of the Congo , will disappear if <UNK> continues in the same way as before , in the case of maximum excellence .
However , the most serious fact remains to us not stop raising these issues in Parliament .
Finally , I would like to say that the main provisions in this report will be included in the crucial reforms in the future .
This is not only a good thing , but also a need to maintain the credibility of the EU and its common fisheries policy .
The accession will also strengthen the Union 's credibility on the part of third countries , as it regularly demands respect for human rights within its bilateral relations .
He has emphasised his role in the introduction and marketing of the <UNK> Financial Framework .
The reason is that this will have a very negative impact on the livelihoods of the fishermen .
These networks , which facilitate flow of information and support in necessity , are typical of companies , whereas women are more vulnerable to this point of view .
I voted in favour of this document because there is a need to strengthen the supervision of the European market , ensure better access to basic banking services , the creation of a single market and the elimination of tax barriers and double taxation .
According to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction ( EMCDDA ) in Croatia , there is no survey to study amongst the population as a whole on the use of drugs .
We must speak openly on the subject of domestic violence and trafficking , which is still taboo and , of course , of introducing the principle of gender equality in the teaching process for the female school pupils .
The company of <UNK> is irresponsible .
These conditions have already been emphasised : quality of public spending , sustainable development , employment policy , combating climate change , of course , we need as soon as possible to compensate for the deficits of previous administrations , so that countries that we can achieve the necessary level of level .
For this reason , 9 May is viewed differently from the old and the new Member States , especially from the Baltic States , which have lost their independence as a country and whose <UNK> was deleted .
This is regulated in other directives , in the negotiations on which the European Parliament has seen in recent years .
If a programme allows you , and I hope that it will be possible , we will meet in <UNK> .
I am aware of the striking nature of this issue in Europe , which has suffered its mark in Europe , its footprint of people throughout the totalitarian regimes that , without any legal basis , have been made of private life in the private lives of their citizens .
Written explanations of vote
Obviously , the Cyprus issue has its weight to the negotiations .
Agriculture is one of the most urgent issues and continues to be terribly neglected in cooperation between the European Union and the ACP countries .
New institutional conditions have been adopted to bring about decisions to the citizens and make it simpler , more democratically , more transparent and more effective .
Migration offers a great potential for development , but also places serious challenges , both in developed and in the least developed Member States of the European Union .
Almost 30 years of this man expects fulfilment of his verdict after trial , committing himself to miscarriages and gaps as well as to negligence .
I am sorry , but at the very least that we can expect from people who come to Europe is to comply with the Dublin rules .
On 4 February , there will be plans that we have recently presented , of course , will be in place , and of course , historical ( I think that we can now call it a historic climate package and energy package , which we presented a few years ago during my mandate in the previous Commission .
Madam President , in this House , it is simplistic , I would say that I am too reticent and I am at least sorry that there are no more Members who are interested in these matters .
In your pockets or spent a new asylum service , which will undoubtedly strengthen the pressure on the UK ?
The report is simultaneously useful and encouraging .
We should not forget that the directive adopted only deals with patients ' rights , whereas the issue of free movement of healthcare services in the European Union remains unresolved .
We are insisting on the newly created business system to create a full transparency system , which enables us to identify which of them comply with the rules and which does not .
It was a very difficult subject during our debates , but , finally , we managed to reach a very good compromise on dangerous substances .
This is a text that , like both previous ones , aims to lay down the conditions for road tolls in the various countries , seeks to avoid distortion of limited distortions , so as not to bring about distortions of competition or discrimination .
The pragmatic imbalance can be seen between Romania and Germany .
It is intended to provide qualifications and retraining and improve skills to prepare people and help them to find work .
The equity funds and equity Funds will have to be registered in the Gulf of the Council when we set very high risk premiums when we set certain high risk premiums for capital .
Every one of us has a share of responsibility .
So , when Member States talk about the financial implications , we should understand that the quality of decision-making , take a good decision and ensuring that the appeal procedure works effectively is only the most realistic and fair solution that we can have fair and fair solutions .
( PT ) Mr President , two or two years ago , when the euro was strong , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' of its failure and <UNK> how this could happen .
We have lost a lot of money in 2007 and we now need to deal with control systems that only exist , or that only those who work only do so .
( The sitting was suspended at <UNK> and resumed at <UNK> )
The European Commission has acted swiftly to the economic and financial crisis and the measures of competition policy have been effectively processed .
All of this happens , under the pretext of retaining the privileges that the large groups of the economically and financial interests of the parties - particularly those of the countries of the rulers - for which a number of EU instruments , such as the Stability and Growth Pact , and the euro .
Madam President , as a Liberal Party , I must stress that the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe is a group that has always supported the enlargement process , because we believe in Europe , created by all its Member States , namely , a strong , united Europe .
I assume that Ms Georgieva 's statement would have been the same two weeks ago before the current events .
The directive is another example of the <UNK> of Europe in the service of Europeans , whilst also promoting solidarity between peoples and benefits for patients , especially for those who suffer from rare or chronic diseases , and who can benefit from access to centres of everyday life , which are suffering from the bottom up .
In any event , I will continue to inform the leaders of your political groups immediately , immediately , a few hours after the European Council meeting .
I would like to propose a reasonable outcome to the deadlock .
They can and may be a solution , but they will certainly not solve the problem of airport security .
The consumers and producers of the European Union must be protected and I do not believe that a trade agreement with Mercosur would suffer this .
We are well aware that neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer 's disease and Parkinson are among the greatest challenges in the mental health and that is why the fight against these diseases should meet three challenges : providing care for the number of patients , improving conditions in which many of these care , which means greater support for families and carers , and providing much more resources for research , so that the number of patients can reduce .
As for Syria , we want to fulfil our duties and therefore to honour the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the UN Convention against Torture , which , in fact , are a signatory to Syria to stop its policy of harassment against human rights defenders and their families and to release human rights defenders and to release human rights defenders , political prisoners and peace detainees .
The ships are trained to cope with extraordinary conditions under the safety of trademarks , aircraft aircraft are eliminated , and certified by regulatory authorities , and the airlines have a constant experience in the work of the wider areas , as the latter show their safety experience .
In view of the financial crisis and the considerable decline in the number of the appropriations granted , I support the European Commission 's proposal to create the European Microfinance Facility intended for the most vulnerable groups , and especially the women , young and the unemployed .
As part of the protection of the fisheries sector in the EU , the Commission also seeks to remove the agreed conditions for the trade of our trade partners , which are a threat to the potential for EU export trade in order to ensure equal conditions for EU industrial and industrial trade in fishery products .
I would like to reiterate , however , once again , the opportunity that the most unsuccessful world in the United States and Europe is facing .
That is one of the most important objectives .
Before it is done , it is possible to examine as quickly as possible whether appropriate readmission agreements on the reception of asylum seekers and economic migrants could prevent abuse from the system .
Does he or she have to sign a message to the police or stop the contract ?
We support the proposed directive .
On the basis of this interpretation , the process will be sinking into a more optimistic light than it is at the moment , which would lead to further <UNK> .
We are waiting in particular now for the United States and China .
It is therefore harmful .
I believe that this is a very sensitive proposal , and I would like to define it more precisely .
( DE ) Madam President , Japan is still under the threat of a nuclear disaster .
Serbia is not just a part of the European geography .
In Copenhagen , it has not only been a <UNK> <UNK> ' , but also the start of one of the <UNK> <UNK> ' of one of the decades .
I voted in favour of the resolution on the European integration process for Serbia and the Stabilisation and Association Agreement , because I believe that constructive approaches in regional cooperation and good relations are a significant component of the process of reform and good neighbourliness for the Western Balkans region to play a tangible component of the Western Balkans and sustainable development .
( Applause )
The duration of this agreement is three years .
On the price of prices , I called on the Commission , as part of the new CAP , to give a more important role to market intervention instruments and to adopt more stringent measures to limit speculation on agricultural markets .
We call on the government of Zimbabwe to implement all the measures necessary in line with the resolutions of the Kimberley Process .
Our amendments concern for Kosovo , gender equality , civil society , the environment and relations with Bosnia , public transport , the environment and relations with Bosnia .
All the safeguards that we have asked from the Commission were rejected by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
Without them , there can be no economic development , jobs , stability and security for everyone .
It should be clear to those people who wish to make sure that Europe 's streets is not <UNK> with gold , that Europe can not afford work , prosperity and asylum for everyone and that many of these <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> with detentions and deportation .
In short , it is a matter of urgency that Dutch citizens will have to go to their <UNK> and pay the bill for the weak Member States , some of which joined the euro area with fraud .
Cohesion policy , for example , is not the only real instrument that will help us develop innovation and create jobs and growth .
Firstly , we MEPs must have the same responsibility for taking on their total administrative expenditure for the total administrative allowances of EUR 4 200 per month , which is what for all the other .
We believe that Europe should focus rather on developing the right capabilities to govern the right time and ensuring the effective functioning of the existing institutions , not so much on the building of the existing institutions , which is expensive and unnecessary , more expensive and unnecessary luxury .
It is also surprising that the European Council never discussed its relations between the EU and China .
This agreement on the amendment of the Air Transport Agreement is therefore subject to Parliament 's approval , whereas the initial agreement was concluded with Parliament .
You are also focusing on important measures to open up the voluntary sectors , such as highly regulated sectors and professions .
I must say that the motion for a resolution that we have seen is quite appropriate , and we welcome the constructive position not to vote on the agreements until now , and the fact that the motion for a resolution requires a proper review mechanism for the agreements .
The Commission therefore strongly encourages the euro area Member States to take a political decision on a mechanism guaranteeing financial stability in the euro area as a whole - a mechanism that will be exacerbated rapidly in line with the Treaty and the safeguard clause , and without the possibility of automatically <UNK> implementation provided for it .
I believe that the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion for fundamental human right , which we hope will protect through this resolution .
In the year of the fight against poverty , we have to say that tackling poverty and inequalities in the Danube region is a challenge that must be addressed through the strategy .
Protection incentive ( vote )
Mr President , this is a recurring debate in Parliament .
We can say objectively that we have done a huge amount of work and we can clearly see a commitment to protecting human rights and its impact .
Finally , I would like to address the Council , whether the Lisbon Strategy , or whether you will say to you formally , that you have changed with the Treaty of Lisbon changed .
There is a need to financially <UNK> in the financial instrument for development cooperation , the resources of which are intended to only address countries with emerging countries and developing countries .
They must therefore have the same status .
It offers a mixture of the needs of ordinary people in line with the wealth that is being produced in our country .
If the EU is to pay a tax independently , it should , in any case , be made up of the excessive contribution of the Member State in question .
With the adoption of today 's resolution , the European Parliament has once again called for protection for small and medium-sized enterprises .
In this connection , I would like to bring the debate to the issue of derivatives .
Now it is time for courageous decisions at national level to be implemented in the long term , which are not easy to take place in the long term .
Over 10 years , European Socialists have been fighting for a financial transaction tax , and there will be many benefits of this tax .
That is the case with the aid for Georgia , which we have just voted on .
Unfortunately , the European Union is helping to develop a common strategy against the economic crisis .
It shows a political will , which is very important , but achieving this objective can only be achieved in a very technical and very strict way .
We must act quickly to help Greece .
In this new versions , the product will have to be delivered within a deadline .
It is not only for ordinary citizens , students , tourists ; it is also increasing business opportunities and this is something that good .
I understand that everyone would like to take the floor , but we have five minutes for catch-the-eye - for every minute - that five people can speak .
After all , I have to read the lessons needed and the important thing , and I think that you have done a good job .
The word <UNK> ' , followed by the word <UNK> ' , is becoming the biggest totalitarianism .
With a budget of around 54 billion in 2007-2013 , with a budget of around EUR 54 billion for the period 2007-2013 , the world 's flagship programme has become one of the biggest support programmes for supporting research in the world and represents the main instrument of EU policy .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the Cancún conference on such a complex process .
We therefore support the proposal , just as tabled by the competent committee , and we can already thank Commissioner Tajani for the considerable assurances that this House gave to the issue .
In the current situation , I am inclined to believe that at European level , we are contributing to all areas to an even higher increase in these inequalities , to this inequality , in the coming years and decades .
I therefore can not support this report with a clear conscience that explains my vote on this issue .
However , the European Union must continually support the people of this country and not only by making statements that threaten their lives every day to protest against these pain .
There must be a gradual break in the sanctions under the preventive and corrective measures of the Stability and Growth Pact .
- ( NL ) Mr President , the President of the Red Cross <UNK> has recently presented to the European Parliament a excellent compromise proposals to limit the flow of trafficking in football .
( FR ) Mr President , yesterday , the President quite rightly said his respect for the European Community method .
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are also important to limit the grey area to <UNK> self-employment .
Such quotas are provided for under the negotiations with Central America .
In addition to the attacks carried out , the Christian faith and its expressions are under pressure and in Europe itself , often under the defeat of the <UNK> , such as a secular approach and a generosity of states and institutions .
This motion for a resolution , which I have already voted in committee on economic and monetary matters , and I voted again today in plenary , is a clear message from the European Parliament .
<UNK> Padania !
However , solutions are exceptionally political and not technical , and I find this unacceptable .
During its work , we worked closely together closely together and with thousands of different women and organisations , and therefore the basis for this document is a unique one .
Finally , I would like to say that it is a good idea to create independent intervention forces and , in the participation of the Solidarity Fund .
Most of you know that this is the number of women 's death of 35 and the most acceptable age in the EU , and our desire is , among other things , to introduce more robust programmes at national level and to find specialist care for breast cancer .
I would like to see quick implementation , I would like to see quick results - and then to see it serve the interests of European citizens and then also of European industry .
It is also important for the European Commission to be ready to put additional pressure .
We are building a Europe where there is no room for nationalism .
The European Union must leave Member States to deal with ethical issues such as euthanasia and abortion .
After the victory of the Left in 2006 , the problem as a miracle affair has hit .
This will give to Parliament an excellent starting point , particularly in negotiations with the Council , because I am of the opinion that , along with the Commission - and I thank the Commissioner for his clear position - Parliament will be able tomorrow to create a situation that ultimately will bring a successful conclusion to the negotiations with the Council .
I would like to mention , for example , the Presidency website , where information is proposed on the meetings , documents and the annex to other sites on three languages .
Order of business : see Minutes
The conclusion and signing of fisheries partnership agreements responds to the EU 's overall objective of maintaining and preserving fishing activities in its fishing fleet , and especially the fishing fleet for the long term , which is extremely important for achieving this document is extremely important in achieving the common fisheries policy objectives .
We are talking about democracy .
An oversight on these can only serve as European authorities .
The only answer that Parliament and the report are proposing is more money , even though there is no clear indication of where this money is to be made .
Decisions concerning certain documents : see Minutes
Furthermore , it is increasingly important to have accurate and reliable databases that distinguish the different characteristics and provide a starting point for different interventions which contribute to the treatment of every individual case .
The EU 's proposal is good , understandable and fair .
Agreement between the EC and Serbia on stabilisation and the Republic of Macedonia .
Mr President , Commissioner , our work is not finished .
I am convinced that the best way of tackling the problem is to give up to nuclear energy once and for all , because its civilian use is also to be clearly dependent on the fact that its civil technology will not be used for military purposes .
I hope that they will set more ambitious targets .
The situation exacerbates their difficulties and they are unable to fulfil their obligations .
People are the most important people for the child .
Only projects which can be financed from private sources are operated differently .
It is not perceived that it is time to change priorities in international trade and to reject free trade due to the negative impact that it has had on the financial , economic , food and social crisis , which people are now feeling with increasing unemployment and poverty .
That is , of course , good .
I am also pleased that security plans are in the food industry to make plans , and I am going to vote accordingly .
The strategy to improve their socio-economic integration in no way will rule out laws against discrimination , but rather complement them .
If you were to hear that you would have been saying that it is going to pass .
Let us not forget that there are already many EU laws in the field of energy markets , and it is precisely because these laws are not respected , and that is not because they have not transposed this law .
I previously received a number of Members from the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy have visited the packaging to see how they invest in <UNK> <UNK> .
( HU ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , if we are to be honest , we must unfortunately declare that credit rating agencies are essentially in fact favourable companies to international capital .
In my speech I said that we need to look at what is needed and then to decide how best to achieve it .
As most of you know , insurance and occupational insurance are two topics that are dear to me , these are very expensive , in fact , this is the biggest interest in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
It really is shocking that such a thing happens virtually before our eyes .
The strong support is that cooperation between the EU and Canada should focus on mechanisms of funding , as well as support for purely development of third countries .
Our function is to uphold democracy , human rights and freedom of expression in discussions with the Russians .
The rise in awareness of awareness of and the process has been one of the major challenges that has been adopted by almost all the participants in the process .
I would like to emphasise the call in this resolution to make every effort to ensure that there is a need to return to normality to normal life and to ensure that refugees and displaced persons ( displaced ) can return voluntarily , in safety and with dignity in their homes .
The humanitarian situation today remains silent .
The launching of the Barcelona Process was set up by the Heads of State or Government at the Mediterranean summit held in Paris on 13 July 2008 .
Regarding the last question , this does not apply to all the commissioners , unfortunately we are not in a position to publish data relating to other financial resources .
I am pleased that reports express a strong position on the need to prevent debt and deficits and were certainly drawn up in accordance with an economic philosophy that I support .
For the time being , the Commission has not done anything .
This is a tangible message that we should send to the government and to the opposition in Greece , and which we in Europe must adopt if we really want to help the country .
I am pleased that I am able to state that there are many areas where the EU and the United States are closely cooperating with a view to extending our strategic partnership and achieving results .
At the end of 2008 , the European Parliament also committed to this issue in its resolution .
The solution to our energy problems can be found to us .
( The President cut off the speaker )
This is best achieved if it is required to have a significant financial contribution .
I welcome this concept of cultural literacy , which focuses on cultural literacy among young people , as they are the most of the digital technology and they therefore need to be able to do so in a safe and effective way .
In this way , we have a huge success , although it is a little bit of <UNK> than a large number of combustion plants .
It is even more important to discuss controversial issues .
( LT ) Under normal circumstances , it would be possible to propose constantly residents who are involved in elections for local councils , but we all know that the majority of those who are not nationals of Latvia can not be described as a replacement of residents of Latvia , can hardly be described as a replacement in normal circumstances .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
In fact , permits are issued in both local authority and in both parts of the city , but what the Commission says now and which the Commission said last week is : we must show discrimination against Israelis in East Jerusalem because , in any event , the town is an integrated body - and that can not change - and that is not the only local authority of power .
It is therefore important to monitor the conditions in which third-country products are produced and imported .
However , Members who were involved in the committee for the negotiations were deaf to these proposals .
On the one hand , there is a strength of strength and vice versa .
Whether they are travelling for training , work or for entertainment : they should stay at home and have the same rights as they have at home , and have the same rights as they are at home , in Europe .
We really need a sense , colleagues .
Many of them are requests to citizens , but I can assure you that a number of comments come from very few details of the very open files that they are attempting to obtain additional information on sensitive dossiers in the field of competition .
I voted for the report on fishing opportunities and financial resources provided for in the Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe , as it is envisaged to permanently implement the new protocol so as to prevent European vessels from being not ratified .
We have developed badly , and we do not know how and when they could be used .
Despite the situation in their country , they simply want to go to the EU , where they say their prosperity , in their eyes , they are feeding there to be a chance of being in our social systems .
Ten resolutions and the Declaration Declaration of the second revision of the Partnership Agreement were adopted .
Written declarations included in the register ( Rule 123 ) : see Minutes
I would like to thank everyone who has worked on the legislative package .
- Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur for accepting my proposal that she has adopted my proposal to discourage the manufacturers of computer programmes to take further measures to block access to the expression of pornography and violence .
The only fair position that we can adopt today must be : a rhetoric , you are not <UNK> !
Particular attention must also be focused on the development of the least developed areas , particularly small regions , which are lagging behind the average regional level and which must cope with far more serious shortcomings than the most productive areas .
Both sides have achieved enormous success in the Union and we should not forget this , despite the fact that both are facing difficult economic reforms today .
I therefore believe that the Commission should also behave responsibly and in respect of the powers conferred on it under the treaties .
The aim of this report is to give passengers bus and coach protection framework to bus and coach transport , with particular regard to bus and coach passengers , to particular attention to passengers with disabilities and reduced mobility .
General Motors does not read Antwerp Antwerp Antwerp Antwerp Antwerp Antwerp Antwerp , because there are difficulties , but this does not prevent it from EUR 3.4 600 billion .
So where are we actually today ?
( FR ) 'Europe rightly wants to create a common policy and currency , but above all , it needs honesty ' .
Adjournment of the session
The Belgian officials and distinguished ministers , such as the Karel <UNK> , <UNK> Vondra , <UNK> Vondra and others , as well as Prime Minister Fischer excellent work .
Nevertheless , we believe that volunteering should be ensured that volunteering will not replace the actions of the Member States , and that it should not be used as a way of responding to the needs that social services .
The commitment that the European Union intends to take over the next few years in terms of policy coherence at European level is therefore positive .
The Commission will also consider how it Regulation ( EC ) can be improved further in the longer term , with the aim of supporting the development of stronger and genuinely transnational political parties and foundations at European level , with a view to developing a truly European public space .
There are Members here to the liberal group .
The granting of access to food for all over the world and food shortages for a number of people worldwide is a major and fundamental challenge .
These actions have increased the risks associated with loss of confidence , distortions of competition , legal uncertainty and the high level of expenditure incurred for bail out banks .
The reason why I voted for the amendments is that they have not been formulated in a very pragmatic way , as if the discussion of the Tobin tax is taking place 20 years ago .
As has been said earlier , the objectives of these proposals are essential , and so they are very important that they have a separate legal basis in Article 194 of the Treaty of Lisbon , in which they are literally controversial in word .
The democratic legitimacy of the new service is also dependent on its composition .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in the debate on energy savings , one thing is certain : the most important , the most important cheapest and the safest energy source is the most energy-efficient energy source .
The clashes in <UNK> and <UNK> walls , for example , in order to share the wars , hunger and global warming and women , the walls , the walls accompanied by detention centres , the <UNK> of our towns centres to <UNK> the walls of Naples in Lampedusa , where even children fall within the arrest of the Return Directive .
Some Member States have been simply ignoring the need to invest in modernising their installations .
They believe that deficits are , first and foremost , a product of bad intentions of these countries , as if you never had anything to do , did not kill up with the worst crisis of 1929 and , as if you no longer bring about pressure on the purchasing power of ordinary people and do not generate a reduction in tax revenues : two problems that were first in the foundation of the rise in private and public indebtedness .
We have three people in the Commission who are entitled to voice opinions , but the positions of the Commission have been conveyed by the President of the Commission on behalf of the College and the respective Commissioner .
In my opinion , it is unreasonable that MEPs expect immunity , and we also need to recognise the pain of the economic crisis .
After centuries of the Hungarian governance , and in the last century and the most recent , the last of which people need , is violence from the most .
This is essential in order to be able to assess this issue with your constituents too .
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
Please put this to Mr Barroso from my own behalf .
The European Union is already working on this : proposals are proposals for the Commission 's capital adequacy and credit rating agencies are currently being discussed by Parliament .
In light of these figures , I am asking you to give you my comments : Has the Commission affected the consequences of these policies , which you also insisted upon and which you have preferred the countries to follow the crisis ?
These are empty words , especially for approximately 600 million Christians who live in Pakistan .
We must do everything we can to protect the single currency , the euro , and to reassure the markets .
Yet we will not be able to put an end to the economic crisis in Europe , while we are not the ones responsible for it .
At the Bureau meeting , I will try to change this provision because we can not allow a situation in which my fellow Members who are on the list of speakers who are listed in the list of speakers will not be able to speak because another Member of this House is now legally binding .
That is now changed .
The motto of the European Parliament : Unity in diversity ' is the principle that we need to take on throughout the European Union and beyond .
I share the concerns of most Europeans with regard to Iran 's nuclear programme and the assurances of the Iranian regime that it will only be used for civil purposes .
I think there were two contentious amendments .
( Applause )
It will perhaps be necessary to amend a few generations so that this minority can take certain rules of coexistence on a jointly social cohabitation .
This is a statement in the <UNK> <UNK> ' of <UNK> ' of 7 October 2009 .
If the Commission 's proposal was met in its initial form , it would mean that in Denmark , we would increase approximately two times in the market .
However , unfortunately , we can not throw off the testing on animals , nor are we able to say this when this will be possible .
The UK must ensure that the coal supply to it is preserved as a national resource does not allow it to become a common resource for the EU .
The most pressing and most diverse Kosovo is a key priority for the European Union .
It is therefore crucial that the European Commission - and I know , Mr Vice-President , are well aware that you are aware of this - to put forward real solutions as soon as possible so that we can protect passengers if the airline had to go bankrupt , in spite of the way that the ticket ticket ticket .
I will not support this resolution because , despite the apparent lack of progress and contradictions with the acquis communautaire , it calls for accession , in my opinion , is too hasty .
In recent months , the situation in Belarus has worsened and is now causing great concern .
We also need to look at how significant fiscal policy is .
Madam President , very briefly : we have two more reports and the climate debate is crucial because we are sending a signal to the Council , whose meeting is starting this evening .
We have therefore chosen to abstain from the final vote .
Parliament has always met this date with respect , but unfortunately it has not yet received the necessary broad attention in the European institutions and in the Member States .
This will allow us to encourage car makers to use the green innovation to ensure the competitiveness of the European car industry .
Furthermore , I would not wish to emphasise the opportunity to emphasise that this proposal will result in a significant reduction in noise pollution , as the reduction in the level of noise levels will create preconditions for a significant improvement in the situation .
Amendment for new committee review committee amendments tabled for a plenary sitting ( Rule 142 ) : see Minutes
The parties can already be involved if they are already in practice approved in a satisfactory manner , as part of the EDF , as well as those who have proved a clear commitment to ensuring monitoring and achieving the MDGs .
In the area of transport , there are no direct roads , there are no technical solutions , and this should constitute an opportunity - even more so that the White Paper is now underway - to include and introduce the necessary measures to reduce our air dependency on air transport .
Furthermore , Member States once again highlight their solidarity with those of them who are most affected by migratory movements , and once again confirm their readiness to provide the necessary support with the development of the situation .
( HU ) The new Member States are now fulfilling the organisation of the European Union in the market in 2007 .
I have , however , expressed the hypocrisy of this report .
Of course , the European Investigation Order must be carefully implemented .
The Iranian people will be the victim if citizens are given access to the Internet : a very serious matter .
Only citizens and businesses will be able to make full use of the benefits of the single market in the implementation of this objective .
Since its predecessors and constant commitment to achieving genuine autonomy for the people of the Dalai Lama , the Dalai Lama has proposed a model for the world 's way of achieving democracy .
Dates of forthcoming sittings : see Minutes
They have no real responsibility anywhere in Europe .
However , I and my fellow Members from the Commission share the wish expressed in your decision to grant discharge : we want to see that we will soon see the progress made in recent years , improving the inflation of the European budget , including strengthening accountability and the responsibility of the major stakeholders .
In my opinion , this is only 79 % , and this will create major problems for farmers throughout the entire UK .
In the context of a crisis , we must use the opportunity to transform and distort the labour market in order to avoid negative social consequences .
in writing . - ( IT ) Information and communications ( ICT ) are currently an integral part of the European Union 's economy and society .
We want to have the first real analysis of cohesion policy programmes for 2007-2013 .
When it comes to trade and energy , we are more equitable or , to call it in another way , everyone has become a necessary partner for the other .
The rights of employees , trade union rights and social protection must be emphasised at least the same importance as the same importance as the internal market and , indeed , an advantage of the internal market and freedom of service provision .
Body scanners must have a safety definition which will allow their use in all Member States .
The main objective of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) , as laid down in Article 39 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , is 'yes to increasing agricultural productivity by supporting technical progress and ensuring rational development of production and the maximum use of production factors , particularly labour force ' .

It is vital that there are a sufficient number of managers ' managers in order to monitor the passport of the managers .
Measures such as financial support for people who have completed the university are essential for the transition to the labour market .
The need to achieve a greater profile of air is recognised by several decades , both by actions at national and European Union level , and by international conventions .
I believe that this will help significantly improve understanding , awareness and credibility in the EU .
I am , of course , thinking of the Treaty of Lisbon , an important Treaty , which is a <UNK> ' , whose main pillar is the way in which we all know Parliament , the Commission and the Council , can get closer to the public .
That is the only way to ensure the future of small and medium-sized farms , and also the right to produce , and the right to every state of security and independence in respect of food security .
The inclusion of recreational fishing in the quota of a fishery quota for me is unacceptable .
Although rural development suffers from rural areas , there has never been a programme for Roma communities as part of European rural development programmes .
However , with the help of the European Union , the responsibility of the countries themselves , which want to take advantage of the institutions and the increased economic opportunities .
( ES ) Mr President , in the last few weeks , we have been pressurised by continual demonstrations of the Iranian people who are confronted with the <UNK> and courage of the Iranian people who are faced with <UNK> hands and <UNK> of their <UNK> .
The debate is closed .
Nothing is said about how the Swedish Presidency will ensure that the European Parliament will ensure compliance with the so-called guarantees given to the Irish people .
However , the question of what competences are being given to relations between the state and the expatriates is , of course , as sensitive as it is , sensitive as it is , and must be discussed in Parliament .
The high election turn-out in the two days of elections was particularly regrettable .
Or it advocates the free expression and accepts all the red lines or does not support it .
How many times should we repeat in this House that , because people and rural areas make rural areas more attractive to people and <UNK> them , the agriculture can not be allowed to be economic activity like any other ?
However , the global financial crisis means that Member States must strengthen their support for the least developed countries through public development aid and cooperation to adapt and mitigate the effects of climate change .
In fact , 93 % of the <UNK> in the EU are sold on the European market and represents a significant proportion of the profits of the <UNK> .
It should be said that if these bonuses put the financial system at risk , they must no doubt be <UNK> .
As for interest rates , there are some Member States that introduce a upper limit - such as the condition , so to speak - which is approximately 8 to 10 to 10 to <UNK> .
They are very specific , they concern the consumption of meat and I do not believe that there is a place in the report .
( SV ) We do not need to give you additional details of the terrible cases of the Dawit Isaak dossier .
I find that their current fears are more justified in view of the policy of severe repression by the Chinese Government , which has been going on for over 50 years , despite the brief and , I would say , a false truce during the Turkish Olympic Games .
The other doctors are in the United States .
Yet I would like to make a clear statement from the head of the Commission on national political level and its negative impact on the European Union - ultimately , the failure of the Portuguese Government coincides at precisely the moment when the government decided to do exactly what the stability framework it demands for stability is what the stability framework it demands .
The main priorities of European agriculture , such as food security , regulation of the market and territorial structure , have clearly become clear , as well as the consequences in budgetary terms , which must be tailored to the CAP 's ambitions .
There is another point I would like to make : I am a member of the Delegation for relations with Canada and we could also take a more pragmatic approach to Canada and states with similar views , in order to ensure a fair development of events in the Far East and especially for the indigenous people .
Do not think that the weak coordination of national economic strategies is sufficient .
There are other instruments that could be a precious resource in the current situation .
EU countries must ask themselves whether , in a strictly European sense , some of the actions of Russia can be recognised as being entirely democratic .
Ladies and gentlemen , I share Europeans ' concerns about what is happening at the moment .
In terms of better coherence and better law-making , however , it would have been more helpful if these two proposals were added to the present Asylum package .
The budget for this measure is EUR <UNK> million .
If the government of Venezuela is committed to the rule of law and human rights , it must protect and respect freedom of expression and assess the extremely important contribution of criticism and openness , which benefits a country administered under the constitution .
The recent discussions that took place in Constanţa , Romania , were focused on the new concerns of Member States on the economic and social development of the Danube .
People using the wheelchairs or dogs should have free access throughout the EU .
In these last days , I was in the Middle East peace in the Middle East .
55 % of the complaints were completed within three months .
This is even more striking in the current economic crisis .
Let us not forget that the banks are not sustainable at risk .
European farmers are carrying out their work , using strict health and safety criteria .
How can we provide adequate protection for the sources of information from countries that are not safe ?
I firmly believe that in the immediate future , Canadian authorities will make every effort to abolish visas .
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Madam President , at this late Monday in December , the Commission probably has other things to deal with other things that the report in question .
I would very much like to look beyond the ratification process and talk about how we should apply the Treaty of Lisbon , which is a huge step towards a Union of values , which is a huge step towards political union and the creation of a community of values .
We all in the European Union should be deeply thankful for the role that the United States is playing in the world and for their role in our mosaic history .
The very few people have been <UNK> down this time and , over the time they have been talking , I could have been two or three people .
The more the right politicians are opposed to what you have said , Mr Brown , that we are on the right track .
Mr Trichet , the European Central Bank 's record record record record should be published , as in the United States , Japan and Sweden .
I am particularly referring to the development of synergies between different sectoral policies , which exist in the field of regional policy , as highlighted in the report .
The lack of transparency on the part of financial intermediaries has become a specific means of evasion and tax fraud and has led to the current situation in which we are experiencing at the moment .
This process will probably be completed in the autumn of this year and when final texts are transposed by the negotiators , the Commission will table them in the Council for the conclusion and conclusion of the free trade agreement .
There is only State <UNK> .
Thirdly , what is happening to our eyes .
There are Europeans who are living there - people who want to feel that they are living in a united Europe .
It is regrettable that there are many examples of the <UNK> feeling here in this House .
The report notes that most immigrant migrant children in the EU are being fired without the necessary language .
Add to this structural difficulties , and particularly in terms of governance , the challenges facing employees are obvious .
These are the concrete achievements of Cancún .
I will add another further point on this .
The policy instruments available must be used in a way which ensures that a stronger <UNK> of a strong <UNK> model for growth that traditional industrial policy is avoided .
I believe that the intervention package contained in the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council can be effective in preventing macro-economic imbalances , especially in the euro area .
I believe it is a very important remark that the economic and financial crisis and the crisis with climate change have the same roots .
Is it acceptable for EU institutions to address the Court decision to reduce wage deflation in the face of the decision of the EU 's officers ?
We should follow the good examples , such as cooperation between Norway and Russia on the <UNK> <UNK> ' in the Barents Sea .
( HU ) As we are still on the subject of relations between the European Union and Russia , I should also mention today 's plenary .
In fact , the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg will protect fundamental rights and freedoms against the EU .
One political issue is very important .
I therefore say to you that we will try to act quickly in a situation that is currently up to the constitutional court of the Czech Republic in Prague .
I would like to draw attention to two parts of the world : firstly , Asia .
This would also benefit both sides and ensure a steady flow of natural gas to Europe .
Mr President , I rise to the floor to address you to Rule 28 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , which is , in my opinion , a question that a Member can ask the President of Parliament and get a reply within 30 days .
I voted in favour of this amendment and I am pleased that it has been adopted .
The choice is simple : what do we want - growth without jobs or growth with jobs ?
Transparency in this process is essential .
We , of course , share the same common European objective .
The message that we must convey is that democracy can not be imposed on force and that it is unacceptable that demonstrations be fired by the transfer of the army with a order to protest against impunity .
The change , as many others are starting at home .
We therefore need to have a rigorous control system in place to prevent the collapse and the flow of money , especially in fragile countries with a high level of corruption and a low-level level of low levels .
Does she consider transatlantic relations more important than the Members of the European Parliament ?
According to the current statistics , the world population is constantly rising and it is thought that by 2050 , it will increase by around 40 % and will increase food demand , which is expected to double the current requirements .
How , then , can we explain this lack of vision , this destructive attitude ?
There was an inconsistency of this project - no one had any need for it yet .
Of course , I love your <UNK> , the Swedish freedom and the economy , but please remember that , while we have visas , we must not feel insecure .
( SK ) The political conflict in Thailand has become very quickly in many civil unrest , which has led to the deaths of many demonstrators following intervention by the forces of the repressive apparatus .
Furthermore , the use of online tender systems must be encouraged , which will help to eliminate corruption and fraud in the public procurement system .
The industry , as any other economic sector , is increasingly the world 's most competitive edge .
As a member of the Committee on Development , I support the view that if such a tax is introduced , part of revenue should be allocated to development funding .
I will give you an example to show how this works .
In fact , these instruments often precisely these instruments are instruments which are the nature of the market today .
As the <UNK> says , they are no longer the generation ' and they are absolutely right .
I welcome the fact that the Council , under the leadership of the Spanish Presidency , is now setting its position and is able to proceed with Parliament , which of course a particular interest and legitimacy on this issue .
I really believe that the European Parliament should play a crucial role in the fight against this serious scourge .
I would like to present a case concerning fundamental rights .
I understand that , but I share this House , that we are moving on with maximum speed .
However , this is a matter of importance here , in fact , of life and death , and this is a double one , because my constituents are particularly <UNK> from it .
I welcome Amendment 87 , as I believe that the taxpayer in every country must ensure that disabled people have sufficient financial means so that they can be regarded as reliable benchmark in the credit market .
Kosovo can be viewed as the latest <UNK> of the popular political deadlock .
Opening of the sitting
For us , technical harmonisation is also an important issue .
The European Commission has raised questions concerning transparency in the codecision process and improved coordination of the responses .
This was a neglected issue in the past .
In addition to the European Union , the European Union must work towards harmonisation at the international standards of international standards , within the G20 and the International Atomic Energy Agency , based on the objectives of the Global Energy Association Agreement for new reactors .
That is not the case for us in Parliament .
The report also endorses support for SMEs who , at this time , have a serious need for it .
There has been a lack of transparency in a number of areas and there have also been clear market abuses .
The discussions that we have so far are not sufficient .
The ecosystem will continue to run until the <UNK> is made out of the water , because if it is to go , it will stop the whole pipeline .
This includes , firstly , the sale of sales of different brands .
We will hold a informal European Council meeting tomorrow in Brussels to prepare the EU 's common position .
However , the problem is who can restore confidence and how it can be restored .
Some of them will be a question and I would not have liked the Commission to intervene in such cases , but when you say the Community is responsible for a fast concession for the next two or three months , can you directly respond directly to the lies in the next two or three months , so that you can directly respond to the lies in the Community , or if the European Union can speak for factual information that you have just made about leaked statements of Community activity ?
However , differences persist in labour law and developing countries .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur for his commitment and excellent cooperation , as this is indeed an important subject .
The budget for the financial year 2010 is being drawn up in the shadow of the financial crisis .
The two issues of the treaty are the targets for reducing emissions of different countries and how the industrialised countries will contribute to financing investments in reducing climate change in developing countries .
The policy of dialogue with Belarus has produced some results : now almost half of the European Union 's relations with the European Union .
She is even more <UNK> , and so she did not get the old train , but with this train , which is the pride of our region ; the railway line is only a new one , open just a few years ago .
I can say that what is being built through the directive is a Europe of health .
The changes to this respect will encourage cross-border trade .
For the citizens of these countries , the prospect of membership is too important in order to distance itself from a bilateral dispute .
Part of the definitions is transposed incorrectly in 15 Member States .
The Commission 's unanimous approach gives reasonable reason to hope that a united Europe will not mean that it will not mean imposition of a crisis , particularly during a period of crisis .
The year 2009 was a year when aid was suspended to maintain the integrity and competitiveness of the single market .
The second , specific chapter affirms the principle that the open obligations that are particularly high in the cohesion sector should be met , not as the Council simply should be made redundant .
To date , a poor medical <UNK> is more than 50 000 cases of cholera , <UNK> is the restoration of 76 health centres and hospitals , and it has provided medical care for many Haitians .
You are responsible , Mr Reinfeldt , to tell our fellow Members that you say that the way to go ahead with the Commission to make a more robust single recovery plan and invest in sustainable energy and in the new economy .
For this reason , coordination between Member States must also improve and adopt a more effective and more realistic response with a view to preventing and treating people living with dementia , especially Alzheimer 's , as well as support for the people of their people who live with a transplant .
All our resolutions , demonstrations and bilateral negotiations between the EU and China have not led to an improvement in the human rights situation .
Anyone who does not meet the requirements of political correctness , which is conscientious within the European Union , has been waiting for and suddenly subject to other rules .
You know that one of the fundamental values that the European Union is based on respect for the rights of those who belong to minorities , and with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , this refers explicit in Article 2 of the Treaty .
That is impossible .
I fully support the new initiative on Alzheimer 's and other forms of dementia .
It is carrying out fishing activities within the legal regulations , issued under the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles and the Commission for tuna in the Indian Ocean , which regulates and regulates tuna fishing in the region .
The European Union must retain its military capabilities , keep to its military ambition and retain its ambition in the field of the common security and defence policy ( CSDP ) as set out in a preliminary declaration which was outlined by France , Germany and Poland .
The reports that are before us today and the European Security Strategy report , everyone knowing that the European Union can do things differently if we all work together to ensure that we have a completely coherent policy - one that covers the Common Foreign dimension , the Community dimension and , of course , the actions of the Member States .
We have not been able to do much for this , but thanks to our rapporteur 's work , we seem to have received the best possible solution .
The positive points have already been mentioned , including the forthcoming public procurement legislation , and I would not like to repeat them .
In 2006 , before the renewal of the programmes , we in the European Parliament naturally felt that we are not living and that we should try to get everyone else closer to us .
( MT ) The rapporteur was right when she said that the common asylum policy should be built on the principle of solidarity .
The fact that this is a scarce public resource and its proportions are bearing the intervention of our European Union as legislators , but we should not form this process as a conflict between the different ways of using which we can define for the most effective use of using the different ways of use that we can define for <UNK> .
After the fall of <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , the Congo ( the former Republic of Congo ) Congo ( the former Congolese Congo ) and <UNK> ) violence in riots and <UNK> violence .
<UNK> of subsidiarity and social services in the EU ( debate )
We are very grateful for the advice and I hope my fellow Members and I hope that we can correct this to the forthcoming general elections .
However , it also means that in future , Parliament must increase its supervisory procedures in future .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
With today 's resolution I voted in favour of granting discharge for 2009 to the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training .
If the European Council really thinks that savings must be made , the European leaders must look at this issue .
Let me mention what happened in the event of the evacuation .
The validity of payments on the first pillar will also make it possible to encourage farmers to adopt good farming practices and to make it more effective in economic and environmental terms .
The most striking example in this regard is the issue of ritual slaughter .
Indeed , it was this method of the Convention that was used when drafting the Charter of Fundamental Rights and , above all , of the Constitutional Treaty .
Only the study shows that fishermen in Bulgaria do not even know that possibility exists and such a regulation exists .
There is no significance to see what the Sea has been , a European or what is otherwise the sea .
The Balkans still not , bilateral border disputes between Croatia and Slovenia should not be allowed to resolve the accession of the European Union , and I hope that soon and Macedonia will start negotiations soon .
These proposals are good , but they seem to be a deaf ear to them , because , although not allowing such materials to enter Gaza , they are without any irregularities illegally <UNK> three of the materials presented to the solar industry in Israel , and yet the legitimate owners of the ground do not get any financial gain .
I believe that in order to tackle this growth , we need to improve national plans to combat cancer and to carry out a much more effective information campaign aimed at the people of the EU .
The European Parliament resolution on this brutal assassination is an expression of our opposition against the increasing brutal brutal brutal brutal homophobia in Pakistan , but also unambiguously that we will not abandon religious minorities whose rights are violated very often , to do so .
We are now coming to an ongoing regular time .
That is now a problem .
However , the crisis in the Mediterranean clearly shows that this issue is not just about the credibility , but about the viability of the European common immigration policy , which is an area of freedom , security and justice in accordance with Articles 67 to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
Moreover , with the adoption of this report , the European Parliament clearly states that there is no place for discrimination on the basis of age or gender , which is particularly important in the context of social debate on equality between women and men .
I very much agree with Commissioner Hedegaard that we must ensure that there are sufficient payments in the Structural Funds to enable us to fulfil our promises to the new Member States .
I voted in favour of the report on simplifying the framework programmes for research .
In this regard , we must come up with real innovative solutions and ensure the right incentives through policy .
It may be difficult , but the Italians must resolve it alone .
This proposal is to create a legal framework for the introduction of intelligent transport systems ( ITS ) in Europe in road transport and the interfaces with the other modes of global navigation , the automatic navigation system and road control instruments .
For example , one of the positive things is that , with regard to passenger transport , we have succeeded in reducing the number of road transport barriers in areas close to the borders where there is a intensive flow of cross-border traffic .
If we achieve a situation where our passport are secure and laws are respected , then the European Union will take a decisive step forward in the interests of children and against kidnapping and trafficking in children .
By voting for this Draft amending report , which will allow the Solidarity Fund to be mobilised to people from Madeira and affected by the storm regions in France , and which , of course , we supported , it is important to highlight a couple of things in addition to the mobilisation of the resources that we have mentioned earlier .
Let us give ourselves time and do this in a crisis .
No other significant changes have been voted .
However , the key competences remain at Member State level .
However , this is the things that we have received this morning .
It is vital that the Copenhagen conference is reached at the Copenhagen conference on an ambitious and legally binding climate change .
The rights of emerging emerging economies mean that it is of vital interest to the European Union , its citizens and Member States to be more receptive and , therefore , to more effective for the deterioration of our causes and our interests on the world stage .
That is why it merits particular attention .
It is also important to take account of the different circumstances prevailing in Europe in order to ensure the survival of micro-enterprises engaged at a productive level .
I believe that , on the part of Parliament , the cloning of cloned animals from this proposal was a reasonable step , as it really is not possible to devote only a few paragraphs to such innovative and new technology , which is the cloning of animals , although in some countries , it is a common phenomenon .
It is our duty in the European Parliament and the Human Rights Subcommittee that it is the Council and the Commission that results in the human rights dialogues also play an important role of the summits themselves .
At the same time , this new strategy must be laid down at the foundations of economic growth in the EU .
This is the case in countries with very large dealers , which have the capacity to distribute a number of trademarks - for example , in the UK - and also this is the case in sparsely populated areas , where , in economic terms , there is a sense of fur selling different articles in the same trade .
Mrs Ashton has made some details of the details of Mrs Ashton , but its responses were disappointing .
Although it is vital to not increase the pressure on national health systems or to contribute to inequalities in these systems , patients must have the right to have the right and freedom to seek cross-border healthcare and must be informed of these same rights .
During the review of this directive , a number of issues related to its implementation are related to its implementation .
There is something I regret , and that is that is that of all these new repressive and preventive laws will take a great deal of time .
For this reason , I sincerely believe that we need both punishment and the sticks of the <UNK> and the penalties that my fellow Members want , and from the infrastructure at European level .
The most important thing is that we now have a directive that must ensure that everyone has the right to understand bodies and proceedings in such a way as to put into practice , which is one of the fundamental preconditions for the rule of law .
On 12 August 2009 , Taiwan asked international aid .
This may be 'solidarity ' between <UNK> ' or , in other words , between so-called <UNK> ' countries ' convergence ...
Take a disease caused by <UNK> .
We have actually got a fine words of money in the agreement in practice , and we know this well .
This encourages the market to stimulate the market in a suitable manner , reduce the amount of waste of waste and manage them effectively .
Finally , I would like to say that many women have been involved as a result of the efforts of society and of the work of women .
We must therefore increase our opportunities as a avoid diminishing or excessive dependency .
Support for small and medium-sized enterprises , especially in the least developed regions , is also in the interest .
We are a serious force and because of our development cooperation and humanitarian aid , which we are proud of .
I therefore support the Commission 's draft recommendation in third countries , the Council liaison officer and the EU 's special representatives ' secretariats ' .
The report supports the proposal to amend Rule 51 of the Rules of Procedure on the procedure of joint committee meetings .
Extending regulation so as to cover the regulation so that small boats , too , would have an additional burden on small operators and , in many cases , it would not be possible to fulfil the requirements of the regulation ;
Therefore , approving Amendment 3 makes this resolution a mistake serious and seriously damages the rest of the text .
A similar margin for 2011 has been made to make similar savings .
The most important thing now is that the Member States reach agreement on the key issues so that negotiations can be made further .
I assume my colleague thinks the same .
The situation in the place is appalling .
I would just like to emphasise the following fact : Gaddafi is using against demonstrators and the insurgents rebels of us arms .
Ireland will continue to make a contribution to peacekeeping operations , whether through the UN or the European Union .
After all , long-term aid must be developed , especially for the most vulnerable people and for government structures which today have no choice but to outsource ' rights to the US forces .
I can not understand why this body <UNK> a surplus budget surplus - for example , surplus of almost 27 million in 2008 - and the EUR 31 December 2008 has been earmarked for nearly EUR 50 million in 2008 .
In this regard , in relation to the question of how to link these two elements , I think that we should consider carefully how we can help consumers more effectively , because they often have no time to go to a lawyer , but they want to find aid quickly and easily .
The problem is the possibility of its use for military and aggressive purposes .
In the incident in Baia Mare , 10 years ago in Romania , it was dealt with the same as the Chernobyl disaster - with consequences for three countries and devastating effects on ecosystems in the areas affected by hundreds of kilometres .
I congratulate the rapporteur for his fruitful approach and for the quality of the work that has been done .
Legal activities must be carried out in full compliance with the rule of law and fundamental rights at EU level in the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
In fact , I believe that the statute of political parties at European level could pave the way , not only to the participation of the population , but also to the creation of a true transnational party that will be vital to ensuring greater democracy in Europe .
The procedure is good .
It is obvious that we should also not forget the environmental impact that the new system of monitoring the tyre pressure system , reducing CO2 emissions .
The report contains a comprehensive list of issues that must be resolved .
Of course , this is not all we could like .
The most recent French regions have a feeling that they are punished by restrictions on proceedings that conform to European standards that conform to European standards less competitive than their direct competitors .
We have women , leaders , leaders of key ministries such as the finance , justice , social solidarity and so on , as well as a woman who has been in the Republic of the Republic of Justice .
We want a free trade agreement between the EU and India , which contributes to the promotion of sustainable development and clear clauses on compliance with ILO standards , with regard to the environmental and obligations on corporate social responsibility .
I am not the Italian Prime Minister .
It is bringing together different recommendations relating to policies that are needed to strengthen Europe 's recovery and achieve the international competitiveness objectives to underpin Europe 2020 .
As long as the United States are spending the highest security signs , we in Europe are reactive or <UNK> on developing our own strategy .
The purpose of this report is to prioritise Parliament 's position as regards the new financial instrument for cooperation .
It is vital that COP 17 , achieving a comprehensive binding agreement on combating climate change , which provide for countries that continue to cooperate .
Is this enough enough enough to enable the EU to build an area of influence in the region ?
It is estimated that only a handful of wealthy countries have achieved the target of 0.7 % of GNI for development aid .
It is necessary to reduce the size of the European telecommunications sector in Europe , not to increase , and not to increase .
I call for the world of the <UNK> change - climate change , environmental demands , energy demands , the risk of terrorism , poverty and inequality that we must combat , financial crisis , with which we must face - let us not be in protectionism , which is the road to <UNK> .
I call on the Commission to include the Directorate General Motors in order to be able to assess what happens in Greece .
Particular attention must be focused on both national and European level .
We will do everything we can to achieve greater harmony between Parliament and the Council and also with regard to matters relating to the procedure .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .
We would not be very good in such a case .
I am talking about an effective new initiative that will enable us finally to make progress within the World Trade Organisation .
Foreign troops are now being planned to be passed on from Iraq .
That is absolutely undemocratic and misguided .
We must be clear that it is not the time to stop the aid that these people need , at the moment , particularly medical assistance .
In Africa , many young women and <UNK> are victims of war and rape .
That is something that I think you have taken up and you are working very hard on it .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
Of course , it is extremely important that the internal market is not affected by unfair and unfair competition .
So , for the first time , a link between access to the Internet and fundamental rights of citizens through the new version of the amendment of the amendment of the amendment of the amendment of the new version .
The punishment of Judge Afiuni is a violation of her fundamental personal rights and a very serious threat to the independence of the judiciary .
I am very critical because the Council as one of the Community 's principal institutions , can not and should not be jeopardised by this debate .
NATO is a major strategic partner of the European Union .
The vote on the European Refugee Fund will shed light on the need for the Member States of the European Union to fully carry out their role in resettlement in order to plug the gap that exists both in terms of the numbers of countries engaged in the programme and the reception of each country 's admission capacity .
All the repressive measures and all the repressive measures and the Belarusian authorities must be called on to end all forms of persecution , intimidation and intimidation against civil society activists .
( ES ) Madam President , this week we have heard the great news that more than 20 000 new species are open to more than 20 000 new ones .
The Member States , social partners and a significant part of civil society have been committed to them , which is not the case .
At the same time , and taking into account the assessment of these programmes , the Commission adopted reports on Ireland , Greece , France , Latvia and Malta .
Development policy makers can be found in all our committees and we need to bear that in mind .
General Motors is a company that has lost its competitiveness as a result of pension costs , I strongly demanded by American trade unions .
The Sahel region can be made sure through improving the situation of the population .
Education is definitely an extremely important subject and we need to give it more attention .
Our history shows that in its development , Belarus is obviously <UNK> by the West , and the Russian tradition , in terms of religion , all forms of education and most of the value systems , should the European thinking of thinking that Russia has embarked on .
I would like a Commission , consisting of competent and committed Europeans , a Commission that will be ready to make full use of its right of initiative .
I would therefore like to ask you , Commissioner , to take the choice procedure .
The Baltic Sea Strategy is internal for the European Union .
In addition to American and Canadian military , I welcome and rapid deployment of groups from Slovakia and international <UNK> .
Over 70 000 women and women have been involved during this period in more than 20 missions .
Any national contact agency will play a role in the role of one-stop shops and should cooperate with the other national contact points .
Coordination of the procurement procedures for public construction , services and security ( debate )
It is not , however , clear whether we will still be able to apply , for example , quickly in the case of a rapidly changing feed in Germany .
Of course , we can ask ourselves whether European policy in this field is not responsible .
People in many Member States , irrespective of their party affiliation , believe that you are considering that you are the counter-cyclical measures of your government , economic populism and <UNK> law , against the very right of the right , conflict and values .
Croatia is a signatory to both the Universal Declaration of the UN Human Rights of the United Nations and the Council of Europe Convention on Human Rights .
We completely have a new proposal to Parliament , a very different one from the Commission and with a different eye from the Council .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , please allow me to answer one aspect , namely the question of the name of the country and start with the view to the country , that I deeply sympathise with this issue .
The government of Venezuela must release a judge and stop the attacks on the independence of the judiciary against the independence of the judiciary .
I think that the answer to this question was given to Parliament , which I recently presented a new mandate , and this shows that Parliament thinks that it could have faith in undermining this policy .
I believe that this regulation should , in particular , emphasise the need to prevent the uncontrolled and circulation of technologies and the development of the technologies , as the number of attacks on the use of advanced technologies and the software is increasing .
Your Commissioner has sent us a reply , in which , among other things , he was accused that the right of residence to these couples is recognised by European law .
Ladies and gentlemen , as long as there are protests - I will vote again - we will vote on paragraph 44 .
If speculators are at risk of undermining stability in the single currency , such as isolate and <UNK> pressure on Member States , a decision can only be achieved through the coherence of at EU level .
The European Protection Order can be issued at the request of protected individuals if they simply want to move to another Member State or if they simply want to spend some time there .
For decades , the country has failed to invest its oil from oil in sustainable development or in the development of infrastructure .
We must not , however , upset and <UNK> the entire <UNK> ' .
They say that the situation is too complicated and that there is a lack of transparency and an experience , which is why they are not succeeding in taking the right investment decisions .
The fact that the first leaders who Lukashenko Mr Lukashenko made a victory , were the Russian President , Mr Medvedev , the Russian Prime Minister , the Russian Prime Minister , the Russian Prime Minister , and the President of Ukraine , show their understanding of democracy and the Balkans 's <UNK> outlook , which awaits Belarus .
The task of the Member States , on the other hand , is indeed to put this exceptional instrument into practice .
We need a thorough debate on this issue , and not only in the European Parliament , but also in national parliaments , as the national authorities should be involved .
It is also important that we give an example in this regard to the other countries , including developing countries .
Responsibility primarily provides <UNK> Islamic extremists .
I personally do not support language in paragraph 10 , which calls on the High Representative to make every effort to accomplish the accession of the Union to the <UNK> ' .
Today , we call on the Council and the Commission and the High Representative for Foreign Affairs , to adopt clear guidelines for our relations with third countries in the context of the new European External Action Service .
I support this ambitious proposal , and I believe that the EU 's efforts must be supported globally by the major industrialised countries .
We must learn lessons and , as far as I am concerned , there are three lessons to us .
This proposal does not take this into account .
How can we include the regions and local authorities in order to succeed in this strategy and , in particular , how we can better promote and supervise the restructuring of national budgets ?
Ahead of the summit - it revealed the <UNK> ' - it sent a letter to Heads of State or Government , one of the annexes of which writes that members of the Council are responsible for the economic strategy in their governments and that they should be in line with the level of EU .
They must include tackling the problems such as returning to the returning of internally displaced persons or the issue of the security of the railways .
I can only make the few <UNK> with a round of paper surrounding it on a single indication of paper .
I voted in favour of the labelling of the country of origin and fur and I welcome this piece of legislation .
For my part , I agree with the debate going on , but I would like to avoid conflicts .
It is particularly relevant to investments in green infrastructure .
Another difficulty is the many of the rules that make every system of control of inefficient control .
I think it is more appropriate to use English .
I agree with the European Parliament 's appeal to the Commission and the Member States to further develop and strengthen initiatives which provide the rehabilitation of cancer patients directly and indirectly .
I believe that the conclusions in this report are extremely clear and very well explained to the measures of the European Commission , which has had to deal with the issue a great deal of time ago , to clarify the action of the entry of the entry price system , at least in relation to the mobile sector .
As for the separate collection of biodegradable waste collection in landfill , the Commission 's report states that only nine countries have reached their reduction in the reduction in 2006 - according to a rather limited amount of information that has been available .
I find it vital to convict cases in countries which are far from being swamped , but there are Christian communities in them .
The policy support for all the Western Balkan countries , agreed on this occasion , with the latter being renewed , as the latter example is confirmed by the Council meeting of 8 December 2008 .
I believe that the moment has come to apply time to a very specific extent .
The proposal raises the issue of victims as a right of courts to be entitled to the courts not to impose any criminal offence on criminal acts committed by victims .
Moreover , I believe that energy security is also crucial in the area of combating climate change .
Although it is good to set targets that have to be more ambitious , it is better if there were the necessary resources .
One of the framework conditions for this study of legality is that a financial transaction tax does not distort competition .
The success of the day is , without doubt , to consist of the heads of cartels and <UNK> , the destruction of over 23 000 hectares of cereals , which derive to <UNK> 23 000 hectares of cereals and 38 000 hectares of <UNK> , the closure of more than 45 000 illegal laboratories who were involved in this process .
The observation that , apart from the many civilian victims , the prevalence of the earthquake is the prevalence of the country , the most significant the causes of this natural disaster .
It is best to wait for the Commission 's investigation .
Despite the difficult internal situation , the Serbian Government has taken a very constructive and responsible approach to the deployment of EULEX mission in Kosovo .
We all know that this is not the case at all .
We can hope that next United Nations conference on racism will not be watered down by unacceptable speeches , which constitute hostile to hatred and racism .
One important decision like this should be preceded by a debate on policy in the European Parliament and in the Council .
So this symbolic token gesture is of the utmost importance .
As bizarre , we are the only contributor in Haiti , we are the only one in the world of road infrastructure .
However , first of all , I would like to thank Commissioner Špidla for being spoke to German Commissioner Špidla and I would like to express my sincere congratulations to the commissioner .
In recent years , 75 % of terrorist attacks have been committed against Christians .
The Spanish Presidency has been fighting for these last few months , but it has not been able to <UNK> and now with a new Presidency , which , on the last Thursday , has shown many energy , but was quite a place on the ground .
Politicians are responsible for establishing these rules and we should not avoid this task .
At the same time , we must also consider establishing a genuine , <UNK> body between us and the United States .
In order to ensure a high level of consumer protection , as well as legal certainty for producers , we urgently need a definition of a horizontal scope in a horizontal plan , not only to new foods but also to materials developed in touch with food and the directives on cosmetic products , as well as a regulation on the placing Regulation on placing the placing on the market on biocidal products currently under discussion .
Those are politicians who can never have confidence so , Mr Rehn , how do you think that Dutch taxpayers will not be <UNK> in a terrible manner ?
The costs of operations for a week would only be sufficient for the normal functioning of six thousand schools .
The next area is the most comprehensive treatment of regions falling between Objectives 1 and Objective 2 .
The workforce could then be <UNK> by one other , businesses can have confidence in the treaties , and consumers are sure that they are able to value the value of a product or service is actually defined in a transparent way .
They must be able to diagnose sustainability , but above all , the evaluation of the economy of this country , assess the most spectacular change in employment figures , assess the extent of innovation in small-scale fisheries and assess the use of these resources .
Macro-financial assistance to Georgia (
The discrepancy could also play its role in the long term when we work towards dealing with the situation in North Africa , but we also have other instruments that are not utilised .
Despite the fact that the report seems to be more balanced than it is in its original form , it still follows the Commission 's Green Paper entitled <UNK> labour law ' and still insists that flexibility is a key tool for the economy .
Moreover , the problem of pollution should not be viewed as part of this issue .
New measures will make it possible for European citizens and businesses to assert their rights , particularly in terms of recognition of qualifications or social benefits , as well as residence benefits .
Eurojust 's role is not clearly defined .
With regard to the question , who should collect charges , I believe that subsidiarity continues to be the best option , as ultimately , they are not the Member States , but the citizens .
The EU Multiannual Financial Framework is an opportunity to make a strategic choice for the future .
I hope that this will be done through investment in research .
However , there is another concern .
Fourthly , there were also mentioned so-called <UNK> ' difficulties .
Mr President , I would like to thank you , in one or the other , for all the contributions that you have made in the debate on the support that the EU has done to the very important work on climate negotiations .
I therefore propose that we examine whether it will be possible for travel agencies and airlines that have been able to travel to countries with hazardous airlines or plane , to make passengers automatically aware of this , although they are not , of course , not in the blacklist themselves .
I would also like to add that the economic , social and territorial cohesion of the European Union has recently been neglected , as regards the definition of the Union 's priorities .
I have realised from the industry in question that it is assessed not only the fact that the report of the Committee on the Environment provides much greater clarity of responsibility between the different parts of the supply chain , which I described just as effective and more effective sharing of responsibility between the different parts of the supply chain that I have just outlined .
The European Union 's ecosystem of the list of objectives of economic growth , the social objective and the fight against poverty is also important for Europe , because their achievement will help ensure the economic independence of the European Union .
Can anyone here explain to me what went on in Moscow to the <UNK> of Slovakia and Bulgaria ?
In my opinion , the European Parliament should support the same conditions for mothers and children .
As has already been said , Member States have gained from the Treaty of Lisbon powers to propose initiatives in the area of criminal justice , and the lack of progress in terms of procedural rights since 2004 has been partly dealt with this first right from the road map proposed by the Swedish Presidency .
I dare to say that no one of the members of the committee does not support behaviour of the term <UNK> ' .
In fact , there may be a very strong incentive for someone to want to <UNK> ' , but this should be dealt with in any way possible ; otherwise , costs that our production system is already starting to pay - and pays ready , if they are to get results - will be indirect .
Our countries will then be strong enough to offer work and others .
This was supported by the representatives of the German Free Democratic Party in the European Parliament .
Let us discuss real violations , those who have already happened .
What is important for the protection of rainforests in Cameroon is primarily the fight against corruption , as well as the administrative level , when it comes to corruption , and when it comes to private <UNK> , continuing to manage the formation of effective trials and , of course , sustainable practice in the forestry sector .
They are also present , as others are present in the list of measures that can be adopted by the Commission for intelligent transport systems set out in the directive .
Why ?
I would like to emphasise one more that , in my opinion , the Commission and the Commissioner are , in my opinion , extremely good and constructive contributions to this issue .
I have one message of you .
The report recognises that the free market and individual and firms in Europe are of vital importance to the recovery process and it is on the basis of British Conservatives that basis .
However , this change is , Mr Barroso ?
The last point I would like to say is that , in the case of maritime aid services , maritime assistance ( <UNK> ) services are the Belgian authorities .
We rightly expect all Member States to ensure that control and transparency , but we expect that from our own institutions , and also from our own institutions , and the Council is responsible for what happens in or not in the Member States .
Mr President , Mrs Malmström , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , I would like to express my condolences to the victims of the Conakry , both on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and on behalf of the Alliance of Liberals and on behalf of the <UNK> African parliamentarians of the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly , which met last week to discuss , among other things , the situation in Guinea , in conjunction with the President of Guinea , who unfortunately suffered violence .
It would be good to introduce even more requirements for interpreters , because what is the use of translation if we can not guarantee quality of the translation of the <UNK> ?
I would be grateful for this , particularly in light of the <UNK> of China .
I regret very much that both institutions have not managed to find common ground .
I believe that , in this way , the European Parliament , the Commission and the Czech Presidency would prove that , in the face of an unprecedented crisis , European institutions have been extremely intimidated .
I am extremely critical of such support for this budget .
The item is closed .
However , without prejudice to the full support for the European Police Office , with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and its impact on the report in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , considers that it should not amend the measures for Europol until such measures are possible to be adopted in accordance with the new legal framework established in the Treaty of Lisbon .
There is no way to really combat human trafficking , without attacking the industry .
( HU ) Under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of the United Nations and the Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , all citizens enjoy equal rights and freedoms and the same protection against the law , such as the exercise of rights and freedoms should be ensured without discrimination , based in particular on race , colour , gender , religion , religion , religious or ethnic origin , ethnic property or other beliefs , including ethnicity , worship or any other definition .
It is also a very bad sign that we send to non-EU countries from which we require ratifying these same conventions .
( EL ) Mr President , you said that talks have begun between Frontex and Turkey and that the Commission has reported on them to the Council .
The European Strategy for the effective integration of the Roma is a very important issue .
I hope that when using the same methods , such as using the required transmission methods at a moment , at a time when the region has countries that wish to provide their resources for the project .
Only then can a socially and strong Europe , a resource-efficient Europe , which citizens of the EU expect and will gladly accept .
In order to maintain confidence in each country 's systems , the agreement foresees joint inspections , data exchange , data exchange , data exchange and information on technical and technical information at technical level , and the increased regulatory cooperation at technical level in order to be translated into disputes .
In addition , we are now facing a fierce struggle against us now , obviously , a fierce fight for power .
Sometimes we manage , but sometimes we are not because things are not in our hands , but in their hands .
They are interested in purely financial statements .
While I understand the need for extraordinary measures arising from the economic crisis , I am concerned by the speed of changes and the way that some Member States are attempting to impose on the other decisions .
Canada alone spent USD 100 per per head of the population for environmentally friendly subsidies , compared to 1 200 for Korea , <UNK> for Australia and for the United States .
( NL ) I would like to express my sincere thanks to the Commissioner for the reply that he has given to a number of specific questions .
So the only thing I have to say in this is that we should do everything we can - the Commission and everyone together - to ensure that the implementation of research projects is properly of a good quality to be able to spend the appropriations .
<UNK> ' can be used to stabilise the position of financial institutions in the private market .
At the same time , the European Union should actively help those who are at risk of being made temporarily in a safe country .
It is in progress that the company in question has every assistance to which this company has gained full cooperation .
I therefore hope that the government will make an effort to obtain funding and that it will focus financial resources at local level to create direct benefits , to provide direct benefits for citizens and , thus , to reduce energy poverty .
I , of course , share the general view that the treatment of the Roma should be fitting , but most of the problems identified in this report can be translated into the lifestyles that these people have chosen .
No , it is not .
In the last few weeks , many criticisms were made of the Hungarian Presidency , many were very criticism of the Hungarians and very often these criticisms were unfounded and unfounded .
This is a good report , which is particularly important in the current economic crisis , which requires active measures aimed at the labour market , which will ensure that the most vulnerable people will not remain permanently outside the labour market .
We need a set of coordination structure between the institutions and agencies of the EU and the international partners .
I also found a reminder of Iraq , where six years after the fall of the dictator of the world are being harassed , inhuman and murdered .
I agree with the common visa policy , which facilitates the legitimate travel and measures aimed at facilitating the process of processing and processing visa applications ( reduced prices , simplified procedures for issuing visas ) , simplified application of multiple-entry visas , longer use the host deadlines ) .
The ball is in his country of <UNK> and must use these days to reach an effective and reliable agreement .
Article 290 of the Treaty of Lisbon allows Parliament to present objections or withdraw the amendments or amend the Commission 's legislative acts .
This agreement reflects the European Union 's commitment in this region of the world and sends a strong political signal to the countries of it .
I therefore think that this probably justifies the systematic and better structured cooperation with the European Parliament .
author . - Mr President , we are now <UNK> and wondering whether it is broad enough and good enough to cover the <UNK> .
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Madam President , I regret that , as the European Council does , may seem to make some dangerous changes and we must be concerned about this .
There are nine proposals for an area of construction , but I do not know where you are getting there .
For some time , the number of workers who have been made redundant as a result of so-called <UNK> ' is significantly undermining the initial forecasts of the Commission regarding the number of workers who would like to benefit from the fund .
The European Union has had to intervene and use all available means available to help people with poor housing assistance , especially from marginalised communities who had previously not been able to access ERDF resources .
The debate is closed .
I congratulate you on your election as President of the European Parliament .
The three European citizens who have been held hostage in Darfur for several months are released , but , at the same time , we know that the situation in Darfur is both before .
Transparency means , on the one hand , that the airlines in future will be able to obtain information on what security charges apply to them from airport , on the purpose of these charges , whether they are too high - which is still happening at the moment of separate sites - and , of course , that passengers , of course , will be able to understand what airlines from them are .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
I am very pleased that my amendments to this effect have found a place in this regard .
The package will take place , firstly , on a communication on the global external strategy regarding PNR data , including a set of common requirements , which must be respected in any agreement on PNR data with a third country ; secondly , two guidelines for the renegotiation of PNR agreements with the third countries and Australia and guidelines for a new PNR agreement with Canada ; and thirdly , a new proposal to PNR data from the EU to the impact of impact .
The European Medicines Agency is still experiencing difficulties in driving things , although there have been a number of years .
On Thursday and Friday , this week , a conference on the subject organised by the Czech Presidency , and I am sure that there will be a more open and interesting discussion on labelling .
I believe that sexual violence is the worst form of military action .
For your disagreement , Madam President , when the issue was raised before committee , nobody knew what the referee had about , whereas I did not try to explain them , even if I did not go ahead , even the Presidency .
I therefore hope that Parliament 's decision will be productive and will serve as an incentive , so that attitudes and level of attention on this issue will significantly improve in the not very distant future .
I was all too surprised at the initial budget that the Secretary-General , which suggested a increase of over 5 % , but I am even more shocked that it is not here today .
You will therefore see that , in 2009 , the volume of our loans rises is increasing significantly in the new Member States than in old ones .
The European Parliament is already beginning to make some criticism of one of its Member States .
The Commission 's current proposal provides for a period of five years .
The proposal lays down specific requirements in order to ensure the creation by Member States of national regulatory and organisational framework , as well as to develop appropriate national regulatory programmes for managing spent fuel and radioactive waste - their production to their disposal .
Among other things , I think that the creation of a committee and a network for technology for technology is extremely important .
Immigration and border control are currently one of the most challenging challenges facing the European Union , which is too often trying to hide from the idea that protection borders and the prevention of unchecked immigration are the tasks that Europe has to face .
I am concerned at a large number of issues that - I am convinced - the Council will be duly addressed in the negotiations on the accession and will do everything possible to resolve .
This issue must also be taken into account in future .
By making this happen to bilateral agreements , a further developed factor will be added .
We can not ignore the human rights abuses and , in line with the resolution of the European Parliament of 10 February 2010 , I would suggest that we take strong measures supporting the <UNK> by providing them with temporary asylum .
In short , as the sun for Spain , this is also the wind of the western coast of Ireland .
The vote opens a path to further marketing of foodstuffs , which is not backed by sound scientific evidence .
This will help to a greater extent cultural exchange and cooperation between the EU and third countries .
It is true that this affects many thousands of Spanish citizens and ordinary people who chose to make a home .
We must also provide support from developing countries , such as China .
This is an important question : it is part of the agreement .
This goes beyond the ceiling of 50 amendments , which is why I tabled these amendments to committee .
Your only answer is that you propose to keep this mistake , although you are more concerned with everything , continuing to rescue the European Union and to make the power through greater control of national budgets and imposing people in Europe unprecedented austerity policies .
The crisis is not over .
The G20 process has achieved the following significant results :
I believe that , thanks to the amendments that have been signed by the three largest political groups in Parliament , we have managed to find a real solution to this problem , a decision which formulates successful elements of previous law in the European Union , which is a compromise between the various legal situations in the European Union , which also provides a compromise between the different legal situations in the Member States and employees .
Issues such as improving the implementation and linkage of biodiversity require special attention .
The vast majority of the votes - 54 <UNK> of 80 votes - were in favour of the treaty , including the <UNK> of the citizens ' Party ( <UNK> ) , which President Klaus base the basis of time ago - which shows that there is a very strong sense of joint responsibility for Europe and for the EU , as well as continuing to continue the process of integration and active participation in it .
The European Union has therefore recognised that it is generally more difficult to deal with the consequences of the crisis than in other major economic centres such as the United States , China , Japan and India .
Yes , we need it during when it comes to banking sector banks that they are working against common interests that they are no longer doing their job to provide credit .
However , we already know all this .
That is why we tabled such amendments , with the unanimous approval of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to thank my fellow Members who have helped me to draft a comprehensive report under the Commission Communication , on their willingness to reach agreement and on the fact that we have not been able to reach a compromise solution but rather a interinstitutional agreement .
It is an institution that works under the leadership of the Tibetan Government in exile and aims to support dialogue .
However , what was referred to to me was the fact that , once again , it was the focus of the idea of promoting medical tourism .
When we started the work on this report , we need long-term investment already in the European Union .
First of all , we must ensure that the emergency situation does not even go into even more , and therefore we make it clear that anyone who takes public money from Europe is obliged not to settle employees .
The vote will take place during the first part-session in February .
Many benefits of regional foodstuffs are to be made of use : lower costs for transport and a lower risk of <UNK> food .
This situation is also misused for young workers and employees to enter precarious temporary posts or are being exploited during a number of consistent traineeships .
The Commission does not give the powers - there are rules that cover our national systems , and our model - I repeat , is based on available information and existing assessments .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is vital to the future of the European project , which must include solidarity and ambitious objectives , particularly in view of the budget crises that the Member States are currently struggling at the moment .
There is a fear that the presentation of the project and the Lithuanian society is organised and there is no match for the main issues .
The fact that most errors have been noted by the Court of Auditors and the Commission in the projects and payments managed by the Member States shows very clearly where more effort is needed , and it is immediately , as shared management represents around 80 % of European funds .
The resolution adopted today takes account of the fact that fisheries management must be based on up-to-date and accurate scientific knowledge of stocks .
I have already spoken in favour and the negotiations on the FTA between the EU and the Gulf countries .
For this reason , Parliament , the Commission and the Council agreed to pursue this objective .
European Neighbourhood Policy ( ENP ) has proved an effective instrument of foreign policy , promoting relations with third countries which has certain real benefits .
In my opinion , a much more transparent and more binding solution to this issue , which clearly says that , in the next revision of the interim agreement on the exemption from the rules on origin exemption , will be eliminated for all .
In the light of the renewable energy generation , I would like to offer my thanks to Parliament , which supported the recovery plan and I hope in using wind energy from wind up wind energy from wind stations .
This clearly applies to the proposal to introduce automatic exchange of tax information , both within and at international level .
This is a key aspect of flexibility that I have asked from me to make and from the EPAs to replace a trade regime with another which <UNK> regional solutions to the regional needs , without undermining the solidarity of the ACP regional needs .
Parliament and the Council have included this principle in the regulations establishing the authorities , and particularly in Articles 42 , 46 , 46 and 52 , which the minister referred to a little while ago .
Bosnia and Herzegovina ( vote )
It is clear that the law is a law on the fundamental rules and values of the European Union , which is a community based on the rule of law .
That is why our group is calling for the rules not so strict .
What I think is absolutely crucial for me , it was to make more use of resources to increase energy efficiency in our buildings .
The Commission is very concerned at the high level of listing and illegal trade with the timely trade of the <UNK> that has seen recently .
However , in the current state of the car industry , in view of this that car tyres are not being sold , it is clear that , in fact , 12 months probably , it is a unrealistic period and we had to take into account the serious environmental consequences of dumping of tyres , which are still in an excellent condition .
For this reason , it is under way and Turkey is under way .
( FR ) Mr President , Taiwan has become involved in a natural disaster without precedent in the country for the last 50 years .
There should be no violation , because this would be unfair to other , often very weaker and poorer producers .
These people must pay a <UNK> to lawyers and other experts to protect themselves in court without whom much chance of success .
Therefore , this resolution does not help to tackle this problem , or to strengthen stability and peace in the area .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) ) )
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to make a final comment , which I will have a very brief comment , which I will have to some extent .
If , in such circumstances , there are good democratic institutions , things can be seriously curtailed .
At a time when almost 25 million Europeans have been registered as unemployed , it was once again aimed at facilitating immigration for asylum seekers .
The conclusion of a interim agreement between the European Union and the United States so that US authorities can continue to analyse data from the European countries within the territory of the Netherlands .
The vote will take place on Wednesday 6 May 2009 .
Similarly , the European Union 's accession can not be accounted either on either the positions of individual Member States in respect of the European Court of Human Rights , nor the record and reservations .
All is good when we go well .
If this is not feasible , because a unanimous solution is required , then you have to say what we are going to prevent the process .
( DE ) Madam President , as a enthusiastic supporter of the European idea I was against the Treaty of Lisbon , precisely because it opens a path to the arguments that we have just heard a few days ago , and that is because it did not create for future generations and the <UNK> I very much like .
I would like to emphasise this once again .
I believe that this is the fundamental issue for the new annex : that society has confidence and feels in safety .
After the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , the criteria of Article 290 can not be subject to political transactions or special agreements .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
I think our contribution will play a major role here .
I would like to highlight the elements of this joint approach , which reflects the statement adopted .
At a time of economic slowdown , we must support our industries related to creative activities and artists , which contribute to our GDP , employment , growth and global export .
I have just had two weeks ago , when the volcanic ash came to two weeks ago when the volcanic ash came .
It is true that the UN system is complicated and that one G20 where there are no difference , but there are plenty of opportunities for gimmicks , is very simple .
That is a quote from President Klaus , and that is probably the only thing I agree with him that the train is already moving so fast and has gone so far , that it will not be possible to stop it or back .
The detailed policy of Transport Ministers of the Member States includes a request for a sustainable and forward-looking transport policy for the European Union every Sunday , while at the same time displaying everything possible to prevent such a policy from being implemented .
Are you encouraged to cooperate in addressing distortions of competition rules in relation to third countries ?
I believe that the European liability system for the lack of compliance must be a consumer , so that consumer protection and confidence in the markets improve the image record of products .
I am sure that the Commission will say more on this shortly .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and both institutions , two institutions need an official agreement to replace the current 30 years of the IIA .
At present , waste electrical and electronic equipment is now the fastest growing flow of waste in the European Union .
We currently have a deficit because we have a consistently <UNK> tax on capital and on the increasing conditions for an increasingly unequal distribution of wealth .
Patients who in other Member States will have unhindered access to health services which do not exist in their home countries due to certain natural conditions , will also benefit from this .
The Stockholm Action Plan must reflect these needs in terms of mobility , employment rights , the needs of businesses and equal opportunities , among other things , by encouraging legal certainty and access to rapid and effective justice .
( NL ) Mr President , there is a <UNK> exhibition to the Moroccan train in Canada .
My third question is : what are the consequences ?
The conclusion is therefore : State aid must be maintained , because it supports the competitiveness of European maritime transport and the economy of the Member States .
This is not the job of the European Parliament .
We also consider it important to negotiate with Croatia .
Commissioner Verheugen , it is not yet late to act .
The arrests of arrests , which were committed to people who apparently did nothing but have exercised their right to expression .
The resolution also calls for even stronger presence of EULEX in Kosovo .
I assume that each one of you is going through this in every vote in Parliament .
As you all know , our cooperation with Tajikistan is still governed by the Agreement on Trade and Cooperation concluded with the USSR in 1989 and confirmed by Tajikistan in 1994 .
With regard to diversification , it must not only cover energy , but also suppliers .
The agreement then provided a very good one , but it is frankly to say that it has lost its viability and is now spreading in the back .
I fully support the introduction of a real tax ' tax .
That is why the Greek Government does not have to request it financially , although we will continue to pay a request to help closely .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Chinese <UNK> <UNK> once again <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> once again .
The Treaties must be amended .
Once again , small farms have suffered the most from the crisis .
Well , in our resolution that we will adopt tomorrow , there are a number of proposals .
Under Article 4 ( 2 ) of the Act on the Accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen acquis , the Schengen Agreement , the prerequisite for abolishing border controls with these countries is an check that the Schengen requirements are met .
The European Parliament is clear to clear European regulations .
Today we have spoken about some of these problematic issues .
We believe that the only solution to the problems of corruption and organised crime is the consistent application of the new laws and provisions .
I know from talk that I am of course that it is possible - if you want - to create a <UNK> of data from these elements .
There is now a legal basis for making the accession of the accession to the actual .
As the deployment of renewable energy production from renewable sources is indeed one of the main objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy , I assume that , in the forthcoming period , we will definitely have a higher budget in this area , including in the budget line for regional policy .
A legal agreement on global climate policy would be precise and covering hundreds of issues in areas such as quantitative targets for the reduction of emissions in industrialised countries for 2020 , and then specific targets for emissions in developing countries for 2020 and then , financial assistance for developing countries from industrialised countries , development and transfer of technology and accounting and accounting rules .
Now they will call them to include a further phrase 'the traditional rosé ' for wines produced in a traditional way , because our Spanish friends must sell their surplus from white wine , because they are not <UNK> .
I am grateful to the Commission for this position that I am standing to this position .
The cultivation of <UNK> is currently shrinking .
Common system VAT on added value in respect of the issuing of invoices (
Do you not think it realistic to expect electric vehicles to be widely held in Europe by <UNK> ?
Where is there a place for blind loyalty towards nuclear energy ?
Our constituents are right to know that we are very serious about all and do not accept the Council 's decisions .
Even the Lisbon Treaty can not resolve many of the problems alone .
For these reasons , I think that this resolution is a necessary first step to ensure that people in Japan ensure all the humanitarian , technical and financial support that will require in the coming months and years .
It should be borne in mind that other freedoms should not be restricted in the creation of new rights .
These funds must be allocated to education , health , agriculture and institutional capacity building .
This is the case in Spain , as well as many other examples , as are mentioned in this House , who have nothing to do with this topic , so great concern during the debate .
South Asia faces extremism every day , whether it is a case of battlefield in the <UNK> or in the streets of <UNK> , <UNK> and <UNK> .
The Commission has submitted a report on the use of mobile phones when managing a vehicle .
30 000 people have died and , of course , we are all unhappy with this .
This military solution is fraught with problems .
The idea of providing basic social services for asylum seekers in the same high level of social security as nationals of the Member State in question is unrealistic and non-discriminatory .
The construction sector is one of the biggest sectors in Europe , which is responsible for 10 % of GDP and <UNK> % of gross equity .
It should be noted that this report is produced on the basis of the past experience within the EU in terms of the functioning of the economic and monetary union , which establishes the need for a better framework for economic governance , as proposed in the report .
During the programming period , waste management projects in waste management projects was earmarked for a total of EUR 140 million cofinanced from ERDF .
The agreement will significantly improve both connections between the relevant markets and between people , and will create new opportunities for the airline sector through a gradual liberalisation of foreign ownership rules .
Too many bus and coach transport in Ireland are being carried out by local carriers , small and family enterprises .
Explanations of vote
The problems of the Stability and Growth Pact are not due to a lack of conformity or a rapid reduction in the annual deficit of the Maastricht deficit to the Treaty of Maastricht to a new debt .
Moreover , I am opposed to each increase in staff of Parliament staff and , if a further evaluation is decided , there will be another EUR 1 500 per month for the assistants ' allowances , this will be a mockery of taxpayers .
I urge the Commission not to stop monitoring closely the link between high food prices and rising energy prices , especially fuel consumption , which are used .
I call , at the Council in June , to resolve this issue , and to make it clear that it is precisely for the workers , and not politicians , that should choose their working time .
The rules for eligibility , the procurement procedures and the take-up of the public will no longer be a European problem .
It is therefore necessary , despite an independent , checking of evidence , that standards are equal and , if they are , then there is no justification for not to transpose this principle throughout the European Union and hopefully , hopefully , to achieve the demand soon - free movement of professionals .
The fact is also that , if we want a simple method of CO2 reduction , we need to focus on not a <UNK> or a more productive industry , but rather the energy sector .
In this context , a thorough evaluation of the rescue package and the effectiveness of State aid measures is required and in the area of state aid effectiveness .
Mr President , in my opinion , the voting list seems to me to have been frozen , so I wonder whether paragraph 36 had to vote on it .
The economic and social crisis is getting worse to unprecedented levels , which is due to the path that members of the European Union and the measures that have been implemented at national level , exacerbated by them : stronger policies , increased exploitation of workers , new antisocial measures , which exacerbate inequalities , increasing unemployment and social exclusion , and increase poverty and social exclusion .
in writing . - ( CS ) I voted for this report as I believe that the European Union 's common agricultural policy should continue to be a common agricultural policy and that , in future , there should be no renationalisation in this area .
Yes , we would all like to respond to energy demand mainly through renewable sources .
You are not convinced of the argument that trade preferences can be used to promote prosperity and to combat radicalism .
( The sitting was suspended at <UNK> and resumed at <UNK> )
I believe that these are important steps toward equality .
Lastly , energy efficiency will not create quality jobs unless it is founded on a true strategic EU industrial initiative , which is free from the restrictions on the free market .
The taking action in Brussels without having a link at national level is largely effective .
It is a characteristic of all international <UNK> who are going to the length of three weeks and three months and who are not primarily a commercial nature .
Moving directly to the method of healthy profits , as the amendment suggests , we will certainly not get a strong response .
This concept has never been defined by the World Health Organisation or the acquis communautaire .
We have the ordinary legislative procedure and the Treaty of Lisbon , and I therefore believe that we should all take advantage of these in order to achieve the objectives .
However , I completely indifferent to this particular scandal .
Work has been been been working for a while for a while , and yet more , we hope that we will soon have a result , otherwise it will not be anything but more than taking further action in the foreseeable future .
That is why , in fact , it is something else , and I ask the authors of these absolutely unfounded amendments to withdraw them , because they are an affront to Parliament .
Thank you for all your six months , and the Swedish Presidency has been making this six months .
Therefore , the speed with which every country is progressing along the road to EU membership itself is determined by the country itself or potential candidate .
In addition , more money must be made available from the European Union 's budget .
Mr President , on behalf of the Commission . - Mr President , and on behalf of the Vice-President of the Commission , and especially its Vice-President Reding , I would like to thank the rapporteur for this valuable report analysing several key aspects regarding the impact of modern advertising and consumer behaviour .
Mr President , the ECR Group supported the original SWIFT agreement of the United States and their TFTP tracking programme for the transfer of data to the transfer of financial messaging data for financial messaging , of course , on certain safeguards .
In view of the fact that the EU must ensure that its citizens have a food security and long-term development of agricultural sectors , significant changes must be made to ensure productivity at a time when it must adapt to regulatory restrictions that are currently in force .
The coherent budgetary framework of the European Union is being drafted in such a way that it is becoming ever more stringent in the area of agriculture .
I strongly support the technical measure to facilitate the organisation of international exhibitions .
After this letter , in August 2008 , I asked to inform you that a criminal investigation and that I will finally inform you of his results .
Without European support for national efforts , not only in the area of prevention and treatment , but also in the coordination of funding for the pharmaceutical industry , disseminating best practices and adequate funding for pharmaceutical industry , which works to open up effective medicine , will not be able to support the independence and dignity of people who have been hit hard , including in terms of their emotional and social relations .
Mr President , just a few words in summary of very interesting today 's debate , which I thank all the speakers .
In these conditions , this means that we must combine all these discharge procedures and look at all these discharge procedures .
However , it is well known that the Greens have tabled their own amendments , which provide modernisation of the line between the Munich part of Munich and the airport in Munich , but the rapporteur states once again states that the changes that we make through this report provide amendments to the text and not <UNK> it .
It is also important to ignore the positive impact of improved bio-waste management , namely the impact on the internal market , on the future of agriculture , on the future of agriculture , on the future of agriculture , on the future of agriculture , and the renewal of renewable sources .
With regard to funding - which is properly structured , it will have to be the next financial perspective .
( EL ) Mr President , it seems that in the proposals that the US Secretary of State of State has addressed during his visit , it has also been included in the building and expansion of the settlements in the West Bank , to open the roads and to end the settlements of the settlements and demolition the Palestinians of the Palestinians of Eastern Jerusalem , and in relation to Gaza to stop the changeover and construction of the settlements for the part of the South .
I hope that this time we will take advantage of the lessons we can learn from this process , and really work hard towards growth , as at European and at national level .
Work for arriving at this point has been long and challenging and Parliament knows this very well .
This is a structural problem , widespread in all areas , countries and continents .
This entails making more efforts to reduce the risk of disasters and to provide support - among other aid - support for capabilities capabilities capabilities in connection with the preparation of disaster for disasters .
The agreement reached between the European Parliament and the European Council has allowed us to avoid the provisional implementation of a provisional budget - something that could have a negative impact on European cohesion and on agricultural policy .
It is therefore necessary to ensure that instruments and development policies will allow for effective development .
The vote will take place tomorrow .
However , it is clear from the importance of our partnership with the European Union and the European Union in fulfilling our commitments both to our shareholders and to the countries where we are working .
All Member States are looking for ways of cuts in the budget .
In my opinion , the European Union really does achieve its objectives , and now it is also taking decisions with and its citizens .
However , I think that is wrong .
There is no demand for the security of air transport .
This will not only benefit the environment , but will also help to maintain local jobs .
In order to achieve this , we need to focus on Member States so , as Spain has done , in addition to the Council 's transposition of the framework decision of the Council on this matter - to be able to develop and implement social action plans with the participation of interest groups , including programmes for increasing awareness of the population and social mobilisation , without neglecting work on international cooperation .
Overall , the ratification process of a European treaty is too often a saga or a victory victory .
Take a young woman who visit French , the school who has visited French , school or school school , and suddenly , having to experience her , is being harassed by reality and forced to face a tragedy that will make it out of life .
It is important that this programme ensures its resources in full .
I therefore support the adoption of this agreement , not only because it seems quite fair , but also because it is the end of one of the few cases of unfavourable discrimination that still exists between people in the EU .
Is women and mothers in Europe and the world not having any other problem ?
( GA ) Madam President , thank you for giving me the opportunity to say a few words on this important international issue .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate the Czech Presidency on its initiative to come forward with the proposal for a Eastern Partnership , which will be very soon presented , and I would like to call on the governments of the Member States to commit themselves fully to this initiative .
Gordon Brown has made a strong speech .
This will of course not happen without any problems .
The figures of SEPA are not covered by the agreement ; most <UNK> are not affected .
Transfers of appropriations : see Minutes
With this system , personal data can be gleaned and for reasons that are subject to interpretation .
The legislative reform process , which is under way , still requires a more in-depth discussion , so it is necessary for the Agency 's mandate , which expires on 13 March 2010 , to be extended .
Another important element of the common asylum system is the so-called external dimension ' .
We must therefore be very sure that timber from Cameroon , from the Republic of Congo or any third country , is a brand , transported and proposed to the market legally and in complying with the needs of local communities and forest law management legislation .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , in its review of the prospects for the European Neighbourhood Policy in southern Mediterranean you mentioned possible to cover potential factors .
I think I can be brief , because all the crucial issues have already been dealt with .
However , the problem is also second .
The EU 's Staff Regulations are provided for in the Rules of Procedure applicable to the violation of this duty .
Moreover , heavy metals can lead to a serious contamination of air .
The European Union has shown a good will , removing visa-free sanctions against Belarusian officials from Belarus .
Essentially , the crucial link between two components of civil awareness - legal thought and historical memory - is entirely <UNK> on the modern Russian community for human rights and perhaps also the Russian civil society as a whole .
There is a real problem in <UNK> .
We in Europe are the regulation and supervision of the financial markets .
The current level is 300 000 tonnes .
We must take into account the different conditions everywhere in the European Union .
This picture , taken by the report , which will be published tomorrow , on the part of the Member States in the European Union .
The rule , your weakest rule , your automatic exchange of tax , in other words automatic exchange of fiscal information , banking and financial information on all the <UNK> will inevitably lead to data .
Mr President , Canada is one of the oldest and most stable partners of the European Union .
The money must be given to people to improve their qualifications and expand .
The draft mandate presented to the exhibitions presented are subject to a special customs regime governed by the Paris Convention .
However , I think we share a common goal - to help the market function properly .
If a patient faces a reasonable time of waiting for a long time in his own country , however , it should not be surprised if she is to travel to place faster , and perhaps more healthy health care .
That is why I have asked you to introduce a constant , transparent procedure for the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) and to ensure that the European Parliament and citizens represented by Parliament are regularly informed of the progress of the negotiations , while respecting the provisions of the negotiations that you have just explained to us are regularly informed of the progress of the negotiations , while respecting the confidentiality clauses that you have just told us are linked to the agreement .
The Commission , in its role as guardian of the treaties , is obliged to monitor such signs .
The vote will take place shortly .
This decision is guided by the need for sustainable agriculture and support the fight against climate change .
The hard work that Parliament has done through the <UNK> group in particular was doubtless one of the engines for the integrated double-track approach to the strategy .
I welcome your proposals , but I will not resolve the main problem .
The fact that prior to the renovation of such a <UNK> systems is a difficult one for understanding , and the lack of adequate control by public authorities , in addition to the safety systems required and implement by operators , in addition to safety systems required to avoid contamination systems and , ultimately , the specific risk associated with hydrocarbons of the risk of contamination and , ultimately , specifically , the specific risk associated with hydrocarbons in particular areas .
It is true that today , instead of another rapporteur , I will try to say a few words , but I will allow me to say a few words to highlight what is already contained in the report by the Committee on Budgets , namely that it is important , of course , to always consider savings and to whether the expenditure that is being carried out is also justified .
So let us not start with the accusations that we are talking about , just because of Brussels .
Another achievement of this legislative period is that Parliament 's role as European Councils has no longer been restricted to the introductory statement of the President .
The new proposals give Member States the possibility of defining who is not covered by the scope of the directive on persons carrying out road transport activities in road transport .
As I said , this is an important step , but not the last one .
I therefore believe that the recommendation that we have today to the Commission , on the part of Parliament , to review the impact of the aviation crisis on aviation and to review in this context , is the best method that we can offer in these precarious times .
( HU ) Mr President , I am not speaking as a Member of Parliament or as a <UNK> in proximity to the Northern Transport round , I would just like to advise everyone that the numbers of the Albanian are not only economic or energy heritage but also among the major examples of our natural heritage .
We should be allowed to make these clarifications and the Commissioner is certainly aware that this should be the case .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the rapporteur on behalf of our group .
By authorising official trade outlets , easier access to <UNK> markets has been authorised .
My aim today is to assure you that the Commission is committed to the work that can have an impact on the reform of the common fisheries policy .
At present , initiatives that are really focused on ordinary people could be successful , even if they do not follow the spirit of European federalism .
At present , we do not have up-to-date information on this case , which is very much needed .
The perpetrators of individual , acts of harassment , acts of harassment , and often organised murders who tend to face up to .
We must face this problem and resolve it .
The issues we face are consolidation or passive in supply and transit , lack of a interconnected single market and particular vulnerability to the eastern border of the Union .
Moreover , the European Union is founded on remarkable values which involve the fight against all forms of discrimination , and I will work to uphold this value throughout its entire term .
Secondly , there is an initiative that goes further than using GDP in preparation , including the leverage of structural funds , and also involves falling the <UNK> as a measure of inequality in assessing income - when there is a disadvantage .
There is no doubt that geographical location , which has been aggravated by the markets and other similar factors are creating difficulties .
I am therefore abstaining from voting .
It is quite obvious that if the ECB had not given this liquidity in exchange for similar guarantees , which are , in fact , quite some of the kind of financial institutions going to fail .
Implementation of the European Development Fund plan for Recovery (
In reality , the European Parliament 's refusal to respect the Irish vote is contrary to the spirit of the Charter .
This will apply particularly to Finnish families .
Some measures are required to achieve the objective of creating an internal market that is based on the free movement of between Member States .
According to the information provided by Hungarian authorities , the red mud has not been given a high concentration of heavy metals and is therefore not regarded as a dangerous waste .
What are we doing in Europe ?
The portal should also be prepared to prepare the public via a single place for access .
I have had a very big discussion and I do not know whether the idea will be successful - whether the Parliament will vote in favour of our proposal .
On the one hand , this is a risk to the health of EU citizens , because the conditions of imports are not clear , but on the other hand , the attitude towards European agriculture is not self-sufficient , because EU agricultural production standards and processing are not enforced on agricultural produce by Mercosur countries .
The road to creating the conditions required for peaceful coexistence goes through the European Union and promoting an linguistic regime , we are making our personal contribution to achieving this objective .
I am strongly opposed to the creation of new agencies .
These are obvious facts , and they require them , they encourage the implementation of a global strategy .
That is that this year , in the budget , there is a new line , 'An the Baltic Sea Strategy , and I hope that both the Commission and Parliament will start the appropriate projects and find the right means for the appropriate measures .
I voted for this report because it identifies the European Parliament 's proposals that provide specific measures to promote corporate social responsibility within the framework of the European Union 's trade policy .
Other constitutional structures in the Czech Republic will also find a way of overcoming such a illegal blockade .
Despite all the assurances that were raised by the states , it was not utilised .
We are told that the European Arrest Warrant aims to help in the fight against terrorism - and we all know that it has become much more than that .
However , we know that Greece does not want to leave the euro area .
We would like to point out that we voted against these proposals and we regret the fact that they were <UNK> .
Therefore , my report calls on the European Commission to work with the Member States to make the map of the remaining areas in Europe and to develop a strategy for increasing their protection .
I believe that we can not manage globalisation , but with an inspiration .
No , it was not the right method .
This year , the Council has once again made everything possible to prevent our work as auditor .
We must make it easier for a larger number of women to work as self-employed and , in this regard , the directive marks a step in the right direction .
This is good news for the confidence in the EU market in the EU and in all areas is done a good job .
There is an excessive use of chemicals in agriculture , which damages our food and the environment , and farmers are forced to pay a high price for these industrialised products .
2009 discharge : eighth , ninth and European Development Funds ( EDF )
I am very convinced that , with their hard work and cooperation with the Czech Presidency , we are in a position to reach agreement at first reading , which is very important .
We need a stronger Europe and we need real cooperation with the United Nations to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
I welcome this resolution , which calls for the opportunity to review at European level , in compliance with international conventions on the instrument for International adoption , so as to improve aid in areas of information , preparation for inter-country adoption , preparation of international adoption applications and post-adoption services , given that all international conventions on the protection of the child use of children recognise the right to the right of orphaned and the protection of babies or abandoned children .
I believe that it is a bad sign that two sides of the conflict - Morocco and Algeria - do not cooperate , despite the endemic situation in Tunisia .
We also expect a future financial package on the proposed package establishing a new financial architecture in the European Union .
Food security as a goal can not be achieved without tackling two of the most important issues of the day : market volatility and prices ( highly influenced by speculation on the commodity market ) and the reduction in food stocks .
The part of the European Commission , which has been overshadowed by the European Commission , is the subject of this debate on the discharge until the proportion that the European Investment Bank is currently being discharged on discharge , and I would like to return to this later .
Firstly , it should also be made at Community level to impose the national authorities strictly in force in the form of a regulation .
These services must include health care and the provision of care , education , free time , transport and broadband .
I am sure most of you will share the rapporteur 's opinion and confirm the numerous important improvements made in this agreement .
Let me express my disapproval and , in relation to the fact that paragraph 31 of the report stresses that a directive regulating corporate social responsibility should not be adopted in paragraph 31 of the report .
In my opinion , this is too good for allowing the European Union not to let the convention .
All the measures must be implemented in full compliance with international maritime law .
The budget is affected by various types of errors .
We have all this and we will take it into account .
Finally , I would say that the Innovation Union can indeed be a good tool for solving climate issues .
I take this opportunity to return to the first part of this issue and to raise the topic of public procurement as a whole and the subject of limited procedures for which many people claim they are or lead to <UNK> funds .
The European Union already has a permanent president and High Representative for Foreign Affairs .
The document establishes a single application procedure for third-country nationals who wish to be admitted to the territory of a Member State to work there and offered them with a secure legal status .
Europe is now at the midst of the economic crisis , but we must not allow it to block our concepts and to allow us to set ambitious targets in these areas .
This type of agreements will only have some importance when we can make sure that foreign companies no longer operate local businesses which do not have any professional expertise in the field of forestry and the environment , and when the Republic of Congo is grappling with corruption .
There must be objectivity and transparency in the distribution of money between Member States .
Childcare facilities not only help women in the development of their career , but , in particular , they can develop the skills of children as members of society .
The debate is closed .
By the codecision procedure , will you have done so ?
In view of the fact that a large quantity of investment has already been made in this area , it will be reasonable to recognise national differences in accordance with the subsidiarity principle .
They must be aware that they have our solidarity .
However , I still have hundreds of thousands of good intentions .
We know that , within the next few months , the Commission intends to come up with a revised proposal for a review proposal in view of the opposite position of the Council .
Regarding climate change , I hear that there is a common view here of the role that the European Union should play in Copenhagen and from now on .
The important thing here is as soon as possible to find a solution to the problem once and for all .
I also consider it as good and the suggestion of Mr Kalfin to help the economic development and democratic change in the Mediterranean region - now especially in Tunisia and Egypt .
We can see how the emerging economies are <UNK> so that we need to focus on this area as much as possible .
I , too , support the Community method and I support the Community method , which clearly defines division of responsibilities .
Mr Zapatero , you have the floor .
After all , we will support it , if it is clear that ' and sustainable ' approach is used .
Secondly , we have not considered the most far-reaching effects of all the regulations currently being dealt with .
Moreover , there are facilities that only exist for a few hours of working hours , which limit the access of parents to the working market .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the resources that have been blocked by the European Union are probably those who are specifically designated to the <UNK> of the ground .
You would almost have forgotten that people consciously choose <UNK> and deliberately abuse of social services in Europe .
<UNK> competition , resulting in the inadequate operation of the market .
( GA ) Madam President , what is the rationale guiding the Council and the Commission believe that the policies imposed on Ireland will not increase debt or that this will not be the result of the implementation of these or similar policies in the European Union ?
I think that , mainly , the condition for the integration of Serbia in the European Union is the resolution of the serious human rights violations and associated with them a problem of close cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
That is why the European Commission called for a review of this issue , as regards Brazil 's intentions , during the next technical meeting of the WTO Committee on the <UNK> March 2011 .
These fears are the result of Lady Ashton 's statements and their past past , but also of its first actions after its registered office .
Lithuania was the first country in the Soviet Bloc , declaring its independence from the USSR .
The majority of Europe has come to the detriment of the system in which the world 's multinational corporations and banks are govern the world .
The European Parliament will be <UNK> through this policy through the European Parliament and as a direct stand with the workers and social movements , so as to realise the younger generation of the younger generation for a democratic , social , social , environmental and humanist Europe .
The first was created , because around 80 % of the population lives in cities and because of climate change , we now want to tackle this .
The Fukushima installation obliges us , first and foremost , to strengthen our requirements in the field of nuclear safety .
The logical conclusions should have been to strengthen nuclear security , testing the shortcomings , the freezing of the projects to build new nuclear installations in the European Union and more effective investments in clean energy and storage .
Two days ago , the leader of the socialist opposition in the country was here in Parliament .
The Commission intends to present a new communication on modernisation of higher education later this year .
Fishing is a fundamental development and survival of people and this is the original aim of every fisheries policy .
Would you reassure the President that if Parliament should show its true strength , we will need to review them ?
In particular , leaders called for decisive action to provide strong financial support through the European Financial Stability Facility to enter into force of the permanent mechanism .
These two decades of the United States ' protectionist tendencies are to end and will be replaced by the concept of <UNK> , which could also lead to conflict .
They must also ensure that the investor will provide international mediation organisations , the IAEA and the secretariat of the convention , clear and justified responses in terms of the choice of the ground , a environmental impact on the environment , a environmental , environmental impact , <UNK> and a success plans .
Despite the ongoing universal political programmes , we realise that compromise and the agreement are possible in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
We are now further than ever to achieve sustainable transport .
I call on the Commissioner to take into account the conclusions of the <UNK> Declaration , where we are also representing representatives of the Commission and of Parliament , together with experts , non-governmental organisations and associations , and , in practical terms , the debate there is potentially as a seed for the Fifth World Forum in Istanbul .
I have allowed women to reconcile their family and professional life , but also to achieve their objectives in relation to gender equality : that is what we are talking about today for all European women .
It is good that the second debate on the crisis in the automotive industry is taking into account the motions made by the European Parliament during the discussions in February .
However , however modest as we are , we should also remember that our achievements are also giving us a great deal of responsibility for the future .
The production of tomatoes in the EU between 16 and 18 million tonnes per year , of which between 6.5 and 7.5 million tonnes are intended for the market of fresh vegetables .
These Member States also need support to modernising the strong environmental sector in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , but also , at the same time , to keep jobs and deliver economic growth .
The entry into force of the directive entitled <UNK> patients ' is a great opportunity for all patients in the European Union , but especially for patients from countries that are less developed , where it is less developed than to ask health services .
The recent financial crisis has increased the need to address the problems of the monopoly of companies .
I believe that we should see what you intend to do with this package on goods as part of a broader strategy for managing the acquis communautaire .
It is true that the global economic and financial crisis has hit even the most developed economies , but we should not forget that it even more affected in even more and more countries .
We in Northern Ireland have not forgotten victims of the past and victims of terrorism , so I am therefore appealing to Parliament 's campaign for compensation from Libya .
They must also provide measures with regard to social and demographic trends and focus on supporting families who are looking after patients , thereby providing social protection for vulnerable people who are affected by dementia .
We currently have a policy that is only repressive and is irrelevant to asylum seekers and ultimately , as we find , and to European taxpayers .
In any case , there would have been a crisis , but the fact that we had no sufficient instruments to prevent it , and that we have not yet made progress with the bathwater , we have still deeply left us .
The aim was to define the highest possible standards for European waters in European waters to set the highest possible standards for irregular operations in European waters .
In some Member States , it is there and others can not be the case , but it is true that in the new constitution , the government of Hungary has ignored this symbolic ombudsman .
China has recently said that it does not intend to reduce its energy consumption habits - 80 % of coal to 20 % oil - and indeed the fact that it wishes to double energy needs to double energy needs by 2020 .
I believe that the document we are going to discuss and I hope that we will approve tomorrow is very good news for Europe .
The problem of volunteering could be that it will simply not be sufficient in terms of climate change today .
I see too little plans in this area , but I must continue to make efforts in this direction .
In 2009 , Parliament 's Committee on Petitions received 1 <UNK> petitions , but only 46 % of them were received for fall within the remit of the committee .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , firstly I would like to make one thing in the protocol : the Community is not responsible in the field of housing in general , and particularly in the area of social housing .
People in Europe are , in turn , very <UNK> , when it comes to the solidarity of solidarity , but unfortunately there is a great danger to forget or to make sure that we forget the tragedy of our fellow Europeans from Haiti .
The human cost of this tragedy is incalculable .
The Commission therefore has the task of finding a solution to the conflicts affecting the use of minority languages in all EU countries , without exception .
In the current time , the Internet has a positive quality in traditional democratic countries , such as Italy , to make it possible for all possible political , economic and social barriers to information .
Secondly , as has already been said here today , there is a gap between words and our actions - or , in other words , a gap between the internal and external reactions of the EU .
In particular , support is made available to specific projects and attempts to ensure proper and effective implementation of anti-discrimination laws .
With this pervasive problem affecting youth unemployment , social and economic risks are linked to other socially and economic risks for our societies .
However , apart from this short-term objective , the new strategy gives Europe a programme - indeed , as Michel Barnier said in its <UNK> - a programme for action - so that the European Union can emerge from the economic crisis , strengthening economic growth and making sure that this growth creates more and better jobs .
The debate is closed .
In this sense , ACTA will not have an impact on European citizens , because there will be no new obligations for the European Union and the need to implement legislation .
I believe that , in a debate like this , when discussing such a subject , we should focus more on future measures , with the aim of ensuring that such situations avoid such situations and , if you will allow me to make sure , perhaps , it is even more important to ask the question of whether such figures are made to the public attention of the institutions of the EU institutions .
This means that cities are committed to reducing CO2 emissions by more than 20 % by 2020 .
I know - and I am now talking to you - that the <UNK> ' era is a hard time , which Italians has been hard to take .
This report is fundamentally new , given the most recent political content : it tries to highlight and accelerate important debates that are taking place in the European institutions and the Member States on all the issues included in the economic governance package .
Do you think it will be possible to use the Erasmus programmes and improve communication programmes in the Mediterranean regions and what could you put in this regard ?
People elected by you for the important new jobs in the EU can already identify them without lofty ideas , as they are still very much more interesting to most European citizens .
However , this also means ( particularly in the era of digitisation ) that opportunities must also be provided for the development of public broadcasting , which will also be provided for the development of public broadcasting , cultural diversity and cultural unity and cultural unity .
The Commission is not able to comment on determining territory or borders of a Member State , as these matters are the sole responsibility of the Member States , and are only regulated by the applicable regulations of international law .
Thank you .
In my country , Poland - the political right , which is completely below the influence of clergy , does not allow uncensored sexual and <UNK> to be implemented and legally binding on the basis of contraception and legal abortion .
It is high time that international justice has done its work in Sri Lanka and elsewhere .
The cause of this is not only the global crisis and the fall in the economy , along with the contraction of local and external markets , but also the common agricultural policy - a neoliberal policy - which the European Commission has maintained in recent years , with which it has made a significant contribution to the current crisis .
We must aim to reduce the differences between current levels of animal welfare standards in the various Member States of the Union , because there are currently major discrepancies in the animal health and there is growing destabilise of the markets for animals .
I abstained from voting on the resolution on smoking .
This is also clearly stated in the Protocol for the public broadcasting system .
On the other hand , Member States must also show solidarity with the Community , with fair obligations that they have taken decisions together .
I believe that it is a good idea for Parliament to debate not only this fact , but also for the behaviour of Fiat and of a huge number of multinational companies in Europe , which is not behaviour against workers ' rights .
SOLVIT works well , but it could work well , and it could do better .
It is very important for Ukraine to be involved in the Eastern Partnership and in Parliament 's Parliamentary Assembly , which cooperates with the European Parliament .
It really wishes to strengthen governance - with particular attention , including budgetary support - and to take into account low levels of government revenue - and to invest significantly in infrastructure , particularly in roads .
The report holds senior executives of the Russian army responsible for the following : to make use of white phosphorus <UNK> , to the <UNK> of the <UNK> between civilians and to the consequences of the repression of the military law , which is a collective punishment tool , and a violation of the constitutional right .
Firstly , it is not true that Europe is responsible for its world to all the global problems .
I would say <UNK> in <UNK> rooms , but , as we are in Brussels , I will call them to be <UNK> .
However , it is our demand to deal with this urgency , and we have taken into account this fact in the adoption of the package of regulations of regulations .
Based on the assessment of the European Council , the Council will adopt guidelines for the Member States ' employment policy .
They must realise that a tomato that deals in the supermarket would not be there if biodiversity were not .
( RO ) Madam President , the Black Sea is important for the European Union , not only because of its strategic location , but also because of the opportunities available to the more sustainable development and conditions for more sustainable regional development .
I believe that we should be good in our minds and ask people whether they agree with this .
This proposal is very important because , first of all , I believe that it strengthens Parliament 's legitimacy , as it gives the public direct access to Parliament , not through parties , but in a way that allows direct access to us and only through one bill .
Parliament was called for a mutual understanding between the two banks .
We hope that these areas are most in the report on the High North of the European Parliament , along with the valuable proposals on how to act in future .
The first of the decade of Yugoslavia and the new borders are closing up with the disclosure of new wounds of <UNK> and global level by means of a more differentiated law and a rule that will exacerbate new tensions and interventions .
The prospect of entry into the European Union is a powerful incentive for other Western Balkan countries , the Western European integration , the necessary political and legislative reforms , to strengthen stability and to encourage the coexistence and reconciliation of the region .
The question is , therefore , : who should be increased ?
I will try to respond .
Of course , due to the Treaty of Lisbon , which has just entered into force , Parliament will need an additional capacity for legislative work , but with the introduction of the Assistants Statute from the start of the current parliamentary term , there is no evidence that MEPs are actually still need assistants .
I would like to emphasise one more principle .
We therefore supported the rejection of this agreement and regret that it was not adopted .
Some might see irony in this : hopefully we hope that we will not move away from a more expensive situation in the other way .
The new rules for the carriage of persons should not affect the freedom of organs from lower levels of public transport .
However , in its usual sense , they depend on the aid of a <UNK> who accepts at a certain price to help refugees cross the border even without the necessary documents .
It is also important for civil society to be included as closely as possible in institutional action to eliminate trafficking in human beings and to launch awareness campaigns and clarification of the most persecuted groups .
Naturally , the role of catalyst .
It once again turned to the measured characteristics of its dictatorship .
Moreover , the direction of your thoughts is also unsatisfactory , as you suspect that both markets are identical to the same market .
I would like to conclude , Mr President , by bringing the following considerations in answer to some specific questions .
There are many more opportunities to improve and they must be dealt with critically by the European Commission .
After the European Union 's sector of energy accounts for a year of EUR 5 % of European GDP , and with much greater contribution to increasing the overall productivity ( 20 % of ICT and 30 % of investments in ICT ) , how does the Commission plan to deal with the fragmentation of the digital markets ?
Euro-Mediterranean cooperation in the area of the creation of unitary patent protection ( debate )
Question Time ( Commission )
Health care has been made public health problems and there are far more serious health problems in resolving the massive pharmaceutical companies .
This is probably a directive that contains the most striking regulations in the world on wage factors .
This Europe has given its neighbours , including those in Central and Eastern Europe , the prospect of membership .
Madam President , I am finishing touches .
Mr President , I would like to draw the House 's attention from the lifts of the vaccinations that prevent deaths .
These efforts are very important , as access to the area is crucial to international trade and transport of goods .
The consumer can direct advertising and avoid repeating factories outside the Finnish group .
Although discharge is now being focused on 2009 , it is important to learn lessons for the future and , finally , simplify financial management .
Thirdly , in the event of an incident , with the sources of waste , in order to avoid the contamination of the coast ?
It is a good time that , after the actual start of the work begun , it is up to take stock and seen whether everything goes smoothly or , let me say , with simple words , whether it seems that everything goes on .
You spoke of the mobilisation of states that are pursuing your liberal economic forecasts that oppose protectionism at this stage .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in my opinion , industrial policy , which focuses exclusively on businesses operating in an international context and using energy-efficient technology , is not the best way to success .
However , we maintain constant contacts with its representatives , particularly in the context of the progress of the dialogue process , and we also believe in the future .
We must make sure that we have sufficient flexibility in the flexibility instrument so that we can react and change our priorities .
The most productive areas of cooperation in the region , where the EU 's involvement are expected , constitute a very ambitious list .
Is it important for the European Union to use public money to leverage pressure groups ?
Today , on behalf of my group , I wish to express our solidarity with the whole agricultural sector and , in particular , with the dead of the dairy farming and their action throughout Europe .
Subject : <UNK> of European products from beef and <UNK> meat
It is clear that there is a huge interest in the Arctic region .
I listened attentively to all the speeches and I certainly saw unanimous opinion of Parliament 's unanimous opinion .
The first is to avoid the disastrous bad management of Socialists , such as the Greek political and economic dynamics and stability in Hungary and as a debt of debt .
To date , this proposal is ignored , which shows that it is true that the new Member States are regarded as second-class members of the European Union .
The Chinese organisations in Belarus are not permitted to do their homework ; instead , they must work illegally .
Unfortunately , Turkish law still does not conform to European standards , and often employers are making the full use of this situation .
( CS ) Thank you , Madam President .
That is why a contradiction here is contradictory - it is not possible to have an increase of EUR 300 million , and , at the same time , there is no increase in the budget .
I did so five years ago , and it is a technocratic process , which should also see people who have proposed to the Commission to nominate the Commission .
They do not squeeze because they do not have the opportunities for careers , <UNK> salaries or research , but research centres do not employ new appointments , because not only do not have any money , but also lack the organisation to adopt new skills and develop new ideas .
We can do this together .
Another puzzling element is that the Palestinians , tragically murdered , while they are being used as human shield , without losing their heads of terror , without losing the thousands of Israelis who were killed and injured , who were living under threat , because the <UNK> can not be compensated by more traumatic .
Around 8 of 10 children in the European Union use the Internet , and I believe that we should make particular care to protect the most vulnerable children against abuse , the abuse of children to abuse and harassment .
I must also make it clear that these criteria were set up by the Member States , and for them , there was no Commission approval .
The social stigma that remains on this issue and the ongoing spread of the disease , with high mortality and especially destructive consequences for the least developed countries , and those in the worst humanitarian situation , must mobilise the state of concern and strengthen the necessary resources of the EU institutions and Member States to provide the resources available to them and to provide the necessary response to the policies to prevent and adequately respond that are needed to the policies for the prevention and adequate treatment of this disease .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , adopting these amendments to the 2011 budget , the Committee on Budgets wanted to act responsibly .
The implementation of constitutional change in a transparent and inclusive way is essential for Turkey 's progress .
By hard work , we have already succeeded in achieving a compromise that will benefit patients who will be protected against a false waiting time and , at the same time , strike a balance that will ensure that Member States are able to monitor what is happening from a medical and financial perspective .
This dependency threatens the economic profitability of locally and is increasingly dependent on the additional costs of feed imports , despite the fact that , in addition to the economic problem and in anticipation of the climate of protein , it would contribute significantly to cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
You have been told that they have been given a written permit for the graduated service , but Christmas Day was on Saturday .
No country likes to be affected by a sovereign territory , as was the case with Georgia .
Of course , we have no great progress with the recognition of Kosovo , as many people would like , including those in Kosovo .
It will be very unfortunate if the Ecolabel has failed because of bureaucratic factors .
I will call on the Heads of State or Government of the European Council in June to discuss this issue .
I will comment on some of these areas .
Given that animal welfare is one of the priorities of the Swedish Presidency and , given that countries such as Ireland have already successfully implemented animal welfare schemes , including the animal welfare charge mechanism of live animals , including a animal welfare charge system to live stronger and better prepared to withstand the journey of animals with the aim of making sure that our long-standing animals are stronger and better equipped to cause a balance between the European Union 's fleet in order to ensure balance such a sustainable transport and conservation of animal welfare in any new legislation ?
In the current situation , when energy is used as a political tool , the importance of this fact can not be underestimated .
It is in our interest to accept that we work in defending our values and interests in a constructive dialogue , cooperation that we hope will produce tangible results in the future .
I was not among those who supported it .
It will be responsible for bringing the strategy into the Council and the launch of its implementation .
We would have done a better job if we were to have laid down clear principles and we had a responsibility for implementing and developing these principles for businesses themselves .
In fact , even the farming organisations are now recognising that no more than 9 % of the products will have to disappear , and not a success , in a few years , in the years .
At the same time , I believe that the time has now come to start thinking about how to redefine this pilot strategy again .
We have seen this threat in the debate today .
There are other ideas relating to the roll-call vote on the legislative reports , not to the final vote , but to the final vote on the legislative reports I have mentioned earlier .
The members of national parliaments should take the baton and face up to their governments so that the latter does not kill what the European Parliament offers for a Europe that protects the rights of its citizens .
Everyone knows how serious the problem is .
We support the resolution on the massive acts of the cruelty in Nigeria , which unfortunately constitute only one aspect of the most serious picture of the deterioration in the state of human rights in the country .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) contains the potential to have an extremely negative impact on civil liberties and today 's vote does nothing to reduce these fears .
Mr <UNK> tried to get the government with no ownership of Mr Zelaya and Congress has delayed the voting so as not to return to power .
I am pleased that the Commission is aware of the important role of the business sector .
This subject raises a great many political , legal issues and issues relating to security , which require an additional study and consultation , and which - this is also very important - will require ownership of the Ministers of Justice and the internal affairs of the Member States .
However , before criticising we should put our own house in order .
The information that is confusing for the general public does not mean that we should no longer be concerned about climate change , but that more research is needed .
The fourth important element is the coordination package of the economic policies presented by Commissioner Rehn on 12 May , which was dealt with in the Council yesterday .
Planning , governance and planning is the responsibility of every Member State .
I share the concern for animal welfare , but I want a realistic regulation that allows for and for a fairer controlled and fair controlled , and I would like to state that we do not need additional regulation .
For this reason , using the instrument within the framework of the 2011 budget , we are committed to financing lifelong learning programmes and Competitiveness and Competitiveness Programmes - within the framework of the EU 2020 strategy - and also to provide financial assistance to Gaza , the peace process and the UN agency for supporting the Palestinian refugees in the Middle East ( unilateral ) .
I know that this is not a matter of course in the report , but I believe that we should watch this very carefully , because it is linked to the consequences for our fellow citizens .
Commissioner , I would like to ask you to be particularly vigilant in this regard .
I believe that a clearer picture will only come when it comes to the accession of Turkey to the EU , and what status will have with regard to the Union 's accession status .
We must define the necessary action at European Union level , which will complement national actions with a positive social impact .
This political support is vital , all the more so as there is a risk , and I strongly emphasise this , Moldova should be considered a local issue that is a step to become a problem for Romanians within the European Union .
There are significant differences between these countries where the general principles of the Financial Stability Board have been extended , too , there has been too much room for manoeuvre in place , in fact , to ensure that Member States implement the text in force consistently in order to ensure that the text in force consistently is applied to the directive .
I believe that we should suspend this process .
The first can be used since 2014 and will provide a precision , better than one metre , while the renovation of the GPS is a number of metres .
However , we must do this in a way that the Afghans are included and which respects their dignity and , as the most important priority , of course , also including whether they like some people - dignity of women .
However , it is important that the activities of ECAs should be subject to strict supervision in order to avoid future difficulties .
The challenge of time that we are living in and the unique need to use mechanisms , in themselves unique , unique need to support the unemployed and to encourage their reintegration into the labour market , becomes crystal clear when they are dealing with this exacerbated lack of confidence in the markets and the advent of their investment in investments .
There are grounds for pessimism .
The Israeli army has also dropped its strength now .
I am shocked to take the idea of extending the term of copyright , whether to 70 years or 95 , and I am not at all happy with it , because it is dubious and is not in keeping with the digital era , but also because it is quite clearly , a thing that will be above all in favour of the interests of industry , rather than the artists who are fighting for survival .
We do not always have our banking structures .
I welcome this resolution , which aims to simplify public procurement rules , contributing to a rise in the level of legal certainty .
Finally , I am not completely satisfied with reading the joint motion for a joint resolution we will vote on Thursday .
In any case , the Bureau on submitting my proposed amendment said that this amendment is only valid because of the proportion that is changing .
In all these areas , we need to ensure a strong and sustainable structure as soon as possible , to ensure that we can provide a common set of rules , whether it is a question of the Member States ' accounts , of their behaviour in economic governance or of the reform of our financial services .
If we do not manage to agree - and now it is the last time we can do this - we will lose around EUR <UNK> million out of the margins for 2010 and we will therefore lose the opportunity to invest within the framework of the 2011 budget .
This instrument complements many well to require the other countries to support human rights .
What I propose is actually a dream of a Europe order .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the right of asylum is one of the European Union 's fundamental values and no one is afraid of recommending it in its speeches .
I voted for the report on the evaluation of the Animal Welfare Action Plan 2006-2010 .
That was a core demand of our group .
This will have an impact on Islamic immigrants , it will have an impact on Europe and we need to prepare ourselves for such a potential .
The Commission has proposed the mobilisation of EUR 114 million and I support this proposal .
We would throw peace , we would all that we have achieved everything we have achieved and everything we want to achieve in the years to come .
It is essential to resume this dialogue .
Mrs Ashton will now continue to work on this framework together with the European Parliament and will offer a definitive solution at the latest by next year .
Our group voted for , as 16 of the 17 amendments tabled by the 17 amendments were adopted or listed in the compromise amendments proposed by the rapporteur , including the amendment , to be linked to closer cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
In future , even in terms of immigration , Member States must take seriously MEPs .
As rapporteur for the Committee on International Trade ( INTA ) , I hope that the increased sums of money under Heading 4 ( EU ) should be earmarked for the purposes of making it more energy-efficient and worthwhile to stimulate greater commercial flows and , along with the elimination of barriers , we should achieve higher growth and growth in employment .
Meanwhile , the EU is calling on Belarus to take further irreversible steps towards democratic standards , without which relations can not develop our full potential .
At the same time , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that , in discussing energy efficiency and especially the security of energy supply and related diversification , we are , to a certain extent , disregard for energy sources .
So what the Irish , and not only they expect the European Union , is , in my opinion , completely logical .
( FR ) Mr President , my question will be quite brief , because the debate is very intense , and I have the feeling that , apart from some extremes , we share the same concern as some extremes , we share the same concern .
The problems associated with reduced levels of production concern mainly affect ordinary people who work for these firms .
We have introduced legislation which , in many cases , is not scientifically substantiated and places European producers , European farmers , in an extremely negative situation .
The technical measures currently in force are established by a regulation , amended by a series of transitional measures and the renewed by 30 June 2011 , as there was no agreement with the Council on the Commission 's proposal from 2008 to a new regulation , which seeks to simplify and clarify the existing legislation in order to ensure more effective application of the rules and to take into account local fisheries specificities .
Resistance to antibiotics , in fact , poses a real threat to the health we face for both the people and animals .
This morning we commemorated the 100th anniversary of International Women 's Day .
In the opinion of fishers , this significant report should have a huge impact on the structure of future common fisheries policy in terms of organisation .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of this resolution on officially supported export credits .
The conditions for SMEs must be created to obtain adequate support under the Union 's regional policy , given the importance of improving social relations in urban areas or sparsely areas .
( SV ) Mr President , the number of products covered by this legislation which can also be used for civilian and military purposes is much higher than it was initially at the beginning .
On this point , let me say that , because it is a matter of gold , and certainly not of gold , the <UNK> could easily be easy to allocate adequate economic and financial resources to technologies that are compatible with the environment and safe health for the health .
The economic partnership agreement , I hope , is a force for the Commission to all the Pacific states , but , in the meantime , let us ratify the interim and adopt the interim EPA on the table with Papua New Guinea and Fiji , which will serve as an example , to what we can achieve in the future .
However , the Commission has certain obligations arising from the Euratom Treaty .
Their shelter is the responsibility of the African Union , the Arab League or the terrible Organisation of the Islamic conference .
I welcome innovation in the Treaty of Lisbon and , not least , the establishment of a permanent Presidency of the European Union , because this provides continuity and consistency in the long term .
Documents received : see Minutes
For example , in the city of <UNK> , a hospital treatment is built on a hospital treatment for people living from tuberculosis .
In addition to all this , I would like to emphasise two points in support of accession , I would like to emphasise two points which I consider essential : the setting-up of control outside the Union and the extraterritoriality of the convention ; in other words , its alignment in all EU acts , including non-EU territory .
This process , as it mentions in the proposal , is bureaucratic and we , as Parliament , have the right to look for ways of reducing this red tape and introducing a <UNK> process .
For example , it is not foreign and defence policy , nor does its aim at the moment be to depriving the Commission adequately its task of implementing its proper implementation , clarified and monitoring the correct application of all the texts .
The disparity of these minority groups are numerous .
The precondition for regular audit is that a significant number of requests for reimbursement is having been made available to a reimbursement of expenditure presented by beneficiary .
Most want to receive care close to their own healthcare and their own language .
This involves cases of refusal of citizenship , depriving of freedom , restricted access to education , barriers to the educational allowance , to the extent of freedom of movement and the demolition of rape , churches and other places worship .
For years , they have often been flying to troops .
Ladies and gentlemen , two days ago four schools in the town of <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
Nevertheless , today , 154 countries have already abolished the death penalty in the right or in practice .
The whole idea , even the whole argument in favour of the existence of the Lisbon Treaty - everything that was meant to give the strong credibility of EU citizens - is precisely what we are going on today , after obtaining what we have asked for .
I believe that it is a success that the European Parliament - against the will of the Council , extends the scope of the regulation on all regular internal and cross-border transport services of 250 km or more , whereas the Council has proposed a minimal distance of 250 km .
EU policy framework to combat violence against women ( debate )
I would like to assure you that we are taking the consultation very seriously .
The aim of these agreements was not to allow the suspension of trade , but they do not necessarily bring about a comprehensive EPA .
Today , we voted on the report on agriculture and international trade .
They have said that this enhanced cooperation , in which there are currently 25 from the 27 Member States , would be used to combine the Single Market .
I also take a positive note of your critical remarks to the Commission on the need to improve its activity in respect of the implementation of the budget .
The Japanese also has also demonstrated that , after the signing of this agreement between the Pacific States , the Western Balkans is dramatically declining , which results in the differentiation of certain regional groups , due to the <UNK> of certain regional groups , due to the expiry of certain regional pressure , due to the signing of the interim agreements .
The first is the Greek mechanism for Greece , which I decided on , and which I have serious doubts about .
The report also touches on what role is and should be in the report , in the event of such conflicts of jurisdiction .
We have tried to do so , but it seems that we have done so , in this particular case , that we have not done so .
The Swedish Presidency has said that the Baltic Sea Strategy for the Baltic Sea states is one of the priority issues .
The problem is not being resolved by the stress tests .
<UNK> and scrutiny certainly have crucial importance to ensure that the policy outlined in support of projects is transparent , but , provided that the administrative burden for small and medium-sized enterprises - the driving force of the economy in the EU - is to minimise .
I would like to emphasise that the previous rapporteur <UNK> <UNK> perfectly well .
The time has come for this process finally to be completed .
The report on Alzheimer 's disease contains worrying statistics : estimates are estimated at the least developed , estimated to be a daily life , amounting to the number of people suffering from dementia of any nature , amounting to a total of 35.6 million .
This means eliminating the military situation and involving all democratic forces in the timetable that have now been taken .
This represents a small proportion of the money allocated to additional EUR 46 million .
I believe we all agree with the principle that we are discussing here this morning , but it should not apply only to the European Union , but also globally .
The European Council , therefore , of 19 and 20 March , welcomed the communication from President Barroso , that the Commission intends to propose an increase in the ceiling for financial balance to EUR 50 billion .
Cooperation at a political , social and technical level is essential for achieving the Single European Sky objectives .
The final text of the AVMS Directive does not directly impose a requirement to establish independent authorities .
Internet infrastructure , restructuring , the restructuring of the dairy sector , renewable energies , biodiversity , biodiversity and water resources are key to resolving a high proportion of the problems in these regions and create alternatives for the people living there .
It is very sad that the conference in Brussels coincides with the session .
The report clarifies its scope and adapt it to the real needs of the common fisheries policy in the context of the current new Treaty of Lisbon , which is why I appreciate it positively .
I took part in a delegation which visited the Committee on Budgets in 2004 .
However , first of all , as we have told us the Amnesty International , these improvements are only very much met .
As a neighbouring European country , which wishes to join the EU in future , Ukraine must receive a clear political signal encouraging the authorities to implement a reform package approved by the EU .
It is vital to create interesting and affordable programmes offering good professional professional opportunities .
We also welcome the fact that the report provides for - in the case of pension provision - sufficient time for the adaptation of people to which to consider their financial future .
Lastly , associations and <UNK> are being defended on the protection of illegally staying in a country of self-employment so that they can make signs of warning for corrupt employers without fear of subsequent persecution .
The debate is closed .
Mr <UNK> has come up very well during his hearing in the European Parliament and his candidacy did not raise any doubts .
We must stop the further deepening of the problem without delay .
It is important to do everything possible to deal with this problem , because it causes major hardship to the people who enter industry from this type of sector .
There are many aspects and many of them are included in this report .
The truth is that the Council has even more power to grant the European Parliament , including power over the UK economy , which is the most important issue for the British people today .
The Partnership Agreement , which allows EU vessels to fish in the Comorian fishing industry , has undoubtedly contributed to strengthening financial support , will undoubtedly help to strengthen the economy of the region .
I share the concern that it is difficult to tackle this cruel trade , as well as the terrible consequences for the people who are being deprived of their organs , whether forced or not : a sharp decline in life , chronic illnesses and in many cases , death .
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted against this motion for a resolution .
One year later , the consequences of the disaster in Haiti are serious and from a human , economic and social point of view in the country are in chaos .
For example , by checking tyre pressure gauges , we can reduce fuel consumption and , by extension , a dangerous electronic control system for managing one year will be achieved , a reduction in the number of accidents on European roads will be made available to the number of accidents in European roads .
Belarus must be supported in any way possible in its development towards democracy and human rights within the framework of the EU 's Eastern Partnership .
In other words , it is the case that the launch of true legislative power for European citizens , as the Commission will be obliged to respond to this citizens ' initiative by carrying out a study or proposing a directive .
In order to be honest , concessions that Europe has made in the agricultural sector are causing legitimate concerns and raise specific questions : what is the justification for quotas granted to Europe in the rice and sugar sectors that exceed the most tangible opportunities of these countries ?
However , I remain committed to the fact that an attempt to discriminate against the family established to impose discrimination against the family of a Muslim Union between a man and a woman , and against religious religious schools , particularly as regards religious schools .
in writing . - ( FR ) Under the EPA , sugar and bananas coming from ACP countries will not be allowed to be left to the markets in the outermost regions , ten years renewable , renewable energy , thereby protecting the production of these two pillars of agriculture in the countries in question .
I have read and five minutes !
That is not fair .
However , the latter can be used without direct monitoring of their quantity and quality only if there is a reliable database .
We believe that the fight against illegal employment can not be considered <UNK> .
I accept the criticism that I have spoken in a total of one minute with which you have dealt with .
It is therefore very important to strengthen cooperation between Member States and third countries , to ensure dialogue with non-governmental organisations and call on the Commission to establish a post of European coordinator on these matters .
The United States and Japan will not be able to enter into a deal , as they protect our own producers and the high standard that we value .
I ask the Council and maybe all of us to discuss very carefully what we all want to set ambitious targets in the area of the environment and to debate them , and to debate them , but always when the time comes to their implementation and to their return to concrete legislation , then it is beginning in Europe .
Whether we achieve this by extending the mandate or setting up a mechanism that will privatise the work of the Tribunal , is not a first issue for us ; as we can see perhaps perhaps also some way to put judges , as we can perhaps also find some way of putting judges , lawyers and secretariat in the awaiting regime .
As we have already said , we need to be more flexible in order to be able to respond more effectively .
Is this possible to have a free effect on the free trade agreement ?
Today , religious freedom is under pressure and widespread rejection of religion , where an attempt to eliminate the most destructive world of public life is being made by an attempt to eliminate the centuries-old world of public life .
That is how crucial the key issues are .
( Parliament agreed to the request )
The situation of the most deprived persons in Member States should be dealt with either by the Member States themselves or municipalities .
He had to introduce an island , because the leadership of the group accused of the group accused of <UNK> , which ( as you know ) of the most serious crimes in Italy , when they are carried out by the dominant culture in Italy , the film centre is only to the occupying forces of Italy , the first of the <UNK> , only to some of the Italian forces in the <UNK> , the <UNK> and journalists from the country .
They have become 12 months , but I am nevertheless pleased that there is a compromise , because I am generally positive in general .
These documents are quite openly calling for a rethink on the first pillar , and also for a automatically increasing the expected of the retirement age .
All of this is the <UNK> <UNK> ' strategy .
What we are experiencing so often in life , unfortunately , is also happening in this case with industrial installations .
China is practising a genocide in Tibet .
It is clear that political decisions , as they have been taken with regard to Kozloduy , can not be a lasting solution in the forthcoming development of the European Union 's energy mix .
It should ensure the same social protection and the rights of women when they are employed in family businesses and , along with the risks of the market , production and financial crisis must provide an accurate regime for their own socially social and health insurance .
( FR ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , firstly I would like to thank the Swedish Presidency and congratulate them on the truly remarkable work they have done .
As poverty and social exclusion have a systematic nature , we must systematically include preventing them from other policies , so that all EU citizens can have a reasonable life .
As you know , there is a consultation document drafted in a spirit of <UNK> .
I myself have been in the region of Kivu in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo , where this dreadful practice is regularly exploited by soldiers and members of armed groups .
I insist that the EU institutions should resist the experience of macro-financial assistance to Ukraine and avoid further delays .
We therefore believe that we will respect the policy in question and we will always be very clear if we also know that we have irrefutable evidence of such cases .
However , the European Commission 's proposals have just been tabled following the Council guidance have been very similar to both the excessive deficit and the communication to increase the retirement age .
Madam President , as there are some positive developments in Russia , we would like to amend the sentence that is beginning with : 'It is regrettable that the authorities have been prevented from all demonstrations by the Grand <UNK> ' authorities have been prevented .
The people who have been afraid of escape from a forty and eight ceasefire caused by the government .
In particular , a interim agreement was concluded with Papua New Guinea and the Republic of Fiji who hope to achieve their objective , namely to protect the canning and tuna industry .
There is also a large delegation from the European Parliament , whose Members are among us today .
Among these , the loss of opportunities for economic growth , the erosion of tax base and the corresponding consequences for public investment , increased social spending , or even the risk of the constant social investment and social exclusion .
There are countries which will not require the number of personal card .
It is right to try to create a sense of security in the public and consumers that the food they buy in supermarkets or <UNK> shops is safe .
If we look at this <UNK> in this <UNK> , we will not control development in these countries .
( Applause )
Moreover , there are no more <UNK> in Strasbourg sentences not only to face a court , but also to make a correction .
Obviously , the crisis would have been more <UNK> if it could be dealt with four billion in the European Union 's Member States .
How will it remain after five years of this five years ?
Other amendments have highlighted the need to strengthen the management of resources and the traceability of fishery products , as well as responsible consumption , and have said that the source of supply of fish is limited to a quantity of natural resource , meaning that there is a limit of how much contamination can be transported and consuming .
On the same note , I have not heard to address the Catholic Church , and particularly to Parliament , for the role that has proved to be fundamental in the soul of all of Cuba who is fighting for freedom and dignity .
Secondly , the European Union is the only interested in the Arctic that is directly recognised that , as a united of industrialised countries , it is responsible , along with other industrialised regions , to change the changes that are taking place in the Arctic .
This is true globally .
The Commission proposes the mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund in favour of Poland , Slovakia , Hungary , the Czech Republic , Croatia and Romania on the basis of Point 26 of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006 on budgetary discipline and sound financial management ( IIA ) .
In my opinion , the Commission 's draft should be better prepared and so on , and Parliament needs more time to take its decision .
It must observe international law and the UN Charter of peace and solidarity .
The armed conflict with participants in a peaceful demonstration and the opposition leader and the opposition of opposition leaders is clearly a violation of human rights and shows that they have been abandoned to improve relations with democratic countries in Europe .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that Parliament should be able to monitor the way in which it is developing and the Commission must ensure it .
We therefore need to use discharge as a pretext for these changes .
I would stress that biodiversity conservation is of fundamental importance for quality ecosystems , there is a direct impact on important functions such as food production or water and water production and prevents landslides and flooding .
Therefore , the observations and recommendations made by the report in relation to the non-legislative policies are welcome , as they affect the scope and purpose of state aid .
Well , one must be completely <UNK> to accept sharia on the basis of human rights , do you not think ?
It is also important that Tunisia adopt vice versa , those who have reached the territory of EU Member States and does not need international protection .
This is also the case where flexibility will enable Member States to use when the Commission does not exercise their competence when the Commission does not exercise its remit to help citizens obtain access to justice in third countries , particularly in the area of odious matters .
They have a right to fair prices and they need a suitable price support for ensuring reasonable minimum income for their own litre and a reasonable income for their survival .
First , this regulation is going to expire on 31 December 2011 .
There is no current interest in this area .
I hope that this report will be available before the second reading of the text .
( <UNK> )
That is why SMEs are more <UNK> than these complex tax systems .
Of course , we support it .
Honourable Members , I will notice that the EU institutions , and the Commission in particular , show a significant political commitment to fundamental rights and freedom of information , freedom of expression and freedom of the media .
My group believes that this package should contain three main elements .
They support the plan of the <UNK> <UNK> ' plan , which has been endorsed by the EU and whose purpose is to bind the entire region .
We have good arguments that we can elaborate continuously in order to ensure food security in Europe in the future .
Global warming caused by human activity is a fact .
We are pleased that some fellow Members are endeavouring to espouse criticism of the human rights of Russia 's rights criticism in Russia .
When it comes to human rights , I think that , for example , as regards the press , India has better legislation than some Member States of the European Union .
That brings me to labelling .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to congratulate my colleague on the exceptional work on this report , which is so technical but has included real consequences for the security of European citizens .
The most tangible example of the change in attitude to President Obama 's approach is the intention to go to Guantánamo Bay .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( DE ) Mr Barroso , what do you think of creating a European institution to promote renewable energy production from renewable sources , to provide energy and to save energy within the EU Treaty on the EU ?
The most serious consequences could also be seen in other sectors , such as the pig sector .
The regional dimension should also be an aspect of the value of cohesion policy for the European Union .
I worked for the British Government in the peace process in Northern Ireland .
Finally , we need to have a European bond market .
This concern is justified in the sense that the European Parliament has repeatedly been dealing with cases of universal respect for human rights in Lithuania by the government of this country .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Madam President , I am afraid that these concerns are spreading with a political aim from certain quarters here in Europe and elsewhere in Europe , and I wish to make it clear that our position on our future energy mix , in which there is no fear and I address the subject of nuclear energy on the basis of scientific evidence .
I agree that permitted levels of radioactive contamination must be regularly reviewed in order to take into account the most recent international scientific advances and scientific advice and avoid the existing disturbances in practice .
It is very important for innovation to come out of laboratories and research centres and to be used in such a way as to respond to the needs of European citizens .
This proposal goes a burden on proof of proof , which is frankly unacceptable .
If , at the end of the trial , the Iranian regime proved to have an <UNK> in the region , in particular , by overseeing the domestic affairs of Iraq , then this region will be further from peace in the future and the world will face bigger threat .
The repayment are now risen to 11 - of <UNK> % in just a year ago - have actually doubled more than doubled .
If you analyse the economic situation of <UNK> without including the <UNK> section , it is clear that the gross domestic product of a significant part of the region is far less than 75 % , and something more , even less than that of the poorest regions of the European Union , which shows that it is vital to further aid .
We are for maximum restrictions .
As a new Member State with a painful experience , our Community membership is of great importance to us and we believe it is our moral duty to strengthen cooperation with those who remained outside the European Union .
I voted for the European Parliament 's proposal to the Council on the strategic partnership between the European Union and Brazil because I believe that this is also beneficial to both sides and can contribute to the development of relations between these two entities and the whole of the world .
I hope no one feels that Lukashenko 's regime is an authoritarian regime , but it is also a <UNK> regime , just as the Castro regime in Cuba .
How can we help <UNK> in this situation ?
I would like to add , and I would like to add , that this is not the cure .
We should definitely remember this .
I therefore support any initiative to abandon Strasbourg seat .
Mr Barroso , I know that you do not yet believe that millions of unemployed and further social exclusion are acceptable to the price that you are going to push for macro-economic consolidation , but that seems to be the path that you are going on .
At present , approximately 14 million Europeans are active every year , such as Alzheimer 's disease , as Alzheimer 's , responsible for half of cases .
The European Commission is the largest donor of official development aid available to EUR 49 billion this is not enough , however , insufficient .
The agreement reached on 15 December 2009 between the EU , a group of Latin American countries and the United States on the tariffs of bananas on banana imports seems to have been there , but did not fully reconcile the legitimate interests of all parties .
Madam President , I have an oral amendment .
However , I believe that , although the 2011 budget is not bad , it could have been better .
However , they have something to do with one voice , namely to provide economic deterrent for the balancing of negative aspects of island regions .
We , in turn , take on our part to take up the proposal on the order of fast production .
Mr President , Commissioner , the motions for resolutions that have been presented in Parliament make it clear that Parliament - as has already been said - is not very well aware of the specific state of the negotiations .
I also welcome the fact that , in its speech , it recognised that in the North Sea and Norway , it already works with one of the highest standards in the world .
I had spoken to him for a fruitful magazine dinner in Brussels and I was very impressed by it .
The presentation of the agreed recommendations in a single Community legislative act will simplify the administration and increase the efficiency that is something that must be welcomed .
However , we can hope that common sense may help the various political elements to look more closely at what is right and fair when it comes to moving forward in European unity .
More than 70 000 people died in this conflict .
We will have to use the opportunities that the Treaty of Lisbon provides for the next one to pave the way for the next COP .
That is why Europe - a Europe that rejects the issuance of eurobonds , a Europe that refuses to tax on financial transactions - is a Europe that will itself destroy its own European project itself .
Parliament 's report is the first reflection on the application of this new instrument and has a dual purpose :
This report contains many of the solutions .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur and the political groups on this report , which I fully support .
This will be a visa visa .
They provide for the response to be indicated before they have been specified .
I hope that Barroso will be able to reconcile technical competence with that of 'more more ' .
Today 's day marks the beginning , but not the end of our cooperation .
This position was supported in the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , Commissioner , I will begin by thanks for the information you have made available to you .
The Commission should therefore focus on three things : the loan promoters of funds does not be too hard in administrative terms , the Commission should take effective measures to actually implement its resources effectively and the use of resources for practices containing segregation , to be restricted .
Secondly , a problem with the order of voting order , which , fortunately , has put into question the way in which a major political problem can be dealt with here : through <UNK> and <UNK> political <UNK> and then accusations to administration , that it can not do anything on this issue .
However , in order to tackle this situation , there must be some adjustment , a known compromise .
To criticise and accuse the controversial , one of the most brutal opposition movements of the people of Iran , without real evidence of experience , is the dual perception of Islamic Republic of Iran 's Islamic Republic of Iran .
We Members of UKIP voted in favour of these amendments mainly because we oppose the budget increase because we oppose the budget and because the amount of budget appropriations , as proposed by the Group of European Conservatives and Reformists , could lead to a reduction in payments beyond the budget .
in writing . - ( NL ) It is good that the Hungarian Prime Minister clearly highlighted his readiness to correct the new media law if the EU asked for this .
Madam President , after the Italian and <UNK> of my Italian colleagues from the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , perhaps we can already once again see the grain .
Under the subsidiarity principle , it is best for the issue of the European United Nations .
Even if , it is a little sense , it is quite legitimate that we felt on the importance of women in life in rural areas or in farms .
Unfortunately , I have a feeling that the current proposals for the European Union 2020 strategy , I have the impression that once again , this can not be just empty words if we can not take into account the opinions of those who will have to implement the strategy , in other words , young people .
Let us now start with the agenda and then we can return to all of our questions on the 13th session of 5 and 6 May .
We have deeply entrenched corruption and smuggling of arms and drug piracy in the region .
The European Arrest Warrant means that British citizens accused of a crime being committed against another Member State of the European Union can not now be protected by the British courts or even by the Minister of the Interior , even if there is a severe injustice .
However , the resolution rightly stresses that 'the full cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ' , including the transfer of the last two <UNK> people of the Hague , is a basic condition for the progress of Serbia to join the EU ' .
United Nations installations were exhausted .
The most efficient transport systems are modern applications that aim at proposing innovative services in terms of modes of transport and management of traffic management , which enable different users to be better informed and beneficial to safer , safer and smarter use of transport networks .
The campaign for an economic superstate which has been launched in recent days will make not only Greece , but all 27 Member States of the European Union into <UNK> .
Romania is the European country that has probably suffered the greatest abusive abuses in terms of international adoption in <UNK> years , immediately after the fall of communism .
You will now find a definitive push on this issue in the future .
The European Union 's agricultural sector plays an important role in the Europe 2020 strategy as regards the various social and economic challenges .
Can we call Europeans if we did not do so ?
Like others , I believe that this is a basis , not an end .
That is more than in any other country .
The second I can only read in the sense that our rights are extended .
I would also ask you to commit yourselves to the necessary improvements in sales of products .
Small and medium-sized enterprises in particular , want legal certainty and fast procedures .
The answer was : how you can ask us something similar , everything is in the norm .
That is the question .
We need strong financial support for the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development to reduce disparities between rural and urban areas .
The reasons for - you have mentioned some of them - you speak for some of them .
If a property is being transferred or sold , we can not prevent extremists from being a little or from speaking to take it .
There are still many other ways of creating employment such as strategic investments or training in the sectors of the future .
We must therefore work simultaneously at two pace of common levels .
Nobody can allow anyone who has detained a progressive and used all possible means to avoid justice and the relatives of victims , to take into account the persecution of victims and to create dangerous precedents in the eyes of the law and society .
That is precisely what we want to do if we are to break the complex links between political and economic power in Belarus .
The Commission will propose recommendations from the Council to end the excessive deficit situations .
In this regard , I would also point out the importance of the European Union 's cohesion policy , the funds from which it will be extremely useful for this purpose .
I firmly believe that , in the interests of our citizens , the Council must bear in mind that Russia is also and will continue to be a necessary , useful and honest partner in our geopolitical field .
I ask for strong action by the Spanish Government in response to this great humiliation for all <UNK> .
We need a broad energy saving programme and an ambitious and long-term approach to renewable energy .
Finally , it is useful because it is developing the sustainable fishing in the region , including a mechanism for an objective analysis of fishery resources and creates a mechanism for scientific cooperation for the purpose of this objective .
I do not happen very often to have the opportunity to discuss with you personally such important matters to the European Union 's foreign policy , so thank you very much for being able to thank you for coming to an end .
Written statements ( Rule 142 )
In turn , Europe can launch a programme of this kind for Haiti .
Moreover , the establishment of a suitable unit in the European External Action Service can resolve a large part of the current Black Sea Synergy .
In the Action Plan implementing the Stockholm Programme , the Commission has committed to presenting a strategy to combat violence against women , domestic violence and female genital mutilation .
A modern state can be <UNK> - as the Yugoslav Federation has been , and also the Ottoman Empire , the empire , the empire and the Soviet empire , but also immediately , when people are given a voice , they choose democratic self-determination .
In order to ensure the security of food supply , the EU must be able to have a strong common agricultural policy ( CAP ) , which <UNK> speculation on food commodities and helps young people to enter the agricultural sector .
Are new monopolies on the Internet being developed ?
Today 's vote shows that this concept goes beyond all political differences .
When something goes wrong , my experience suggests that , at the bottom of the failure , governments are governments , not parliaments .
We should not allow the death of Zapata to remain in history as a brave history , and it should mark the end of the human rights situation in Cuba .
Obviously , legislation on data protection must be complied with , but there should be a limit : we can not hide behind data protection in the event of terrorism .
If we consider all these objectives , we must support the calls of these reports : for shared research and development , for developing common standards and common procurement systems , for example , in order to interoperability .
Regarding the legislative proposals that have not yet been dealt with 1 December 2009 - the date of entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon - the President of the Commission calls for parliamentary committees , to which have already submitted the proposals to date in the current legislative procedure , as reported in the minutes of the current part-sessions , to check and procedural amendments proposed by the Commission , among other amendments , which should be made under the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon , and decide whether they intend to make the notification that already adopted under the codecision procedure as legislators or approved .
However , micro-entities remain one of the most productive sectors for work .
Without defending discrimination against these grounds , our drive to a social Europe will be a shock , especially in the current economic situation .
I would also like to confirm here in Parliament that we will provide Parliament with maximum information .
Secondly , we must not allow Serbia to be treated as a European country , and to take it any account of the first .
If it is perceived as they currently as they are , the text will give patients affected by rare diseases , the option of travelling abroad and receive all treatment that their country of origin must fund .
We also need to look at another institutional issue and , in other words , to be appointed to the next Commission .
We must denounce the brutal repression of opposition to the opposition and the pluralism of the results of the presidential election .
in writing . - ( RO ) I believe that producers should also actively attend at EU level in the waste and electronic waste ( WEEE ) process .
Thank you for the issue of retired people .
I am pleased that the Commissioner 's budget has not been the same as national budgets .
One clear definition of the ingredients of compound feed in the Community register will make it easier for farmers to take reasonable decisions on the choice of the correct form of feed .
The first point I would like to emphasise this is about the reforms .
By introducing a so-called scrapping premium , in other words , a supplementary national budget to fund a scheme to stabilise the car industry .
The situation in the Horn of Africa is appalling .
I hope you will be able to provide us with this information soon .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
It acts , but it must be backed up with adequate resources , so we must work towards building our capacity and capabilities , as in the areas of both within and in the military area , and we will try at least to play our role as we can .
Let us not deceive ourselves , however .
Where were you on 23 October 2006 , when it was <UNK> by <UNK> people to be <UNK> in the eye of <UNK> ?
This proved to be a successful system .
It is not true that the number of asylum seekers is in line with the overall number ; they were around one of the total .
Thirdly , we need to develop a new concept of European solidarity .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats is opposed to discrimination and will always work to bring it up , but it must be allowed to argue in this House about how to achieve this .
In its communication on media literacy of December 2007 , the Commission called on Member States to commit to a more effective spread of physical literacy and research in this area .
The summit was carefully prepared by the External Action Service in close cooperation with the Commission and the two presidents , based on discussions in the European Council and on Russia as a strategic partner at the end of 2010 and in January 2011 , the results of the earlier summit of EU-Russia and Russian government in February .
We voted in favour of the current reports because there is no point in obstructing Denmark to conclude the agreements that it wishes to conclude and to take the opportunity to act differently in the current circumstances are little .
When to expect a standard that includes minimum levels of pollutant <UNK> for anti-discrimination ?
( Applause )
In view of climate change , the fight against deforestation is therefore an important priority .
The 22 600 police experts for civil management of crisis situations of UN training , so they are a better <UNK> , flexibility and interoperability of police elements in the EU .
We believe that many of the opinions that we have heard on this issue , including in this House , are mistaken .
We therefore supported the initial draft resolution tabled for discussion .
Although this is a compromise solution relating to victims , both by Parliament and the Council , it prevented the introduction of the system of <UNK> by the budget system , which would have serious consequences for EU funding .
Therefore , there is a fundamental question : is the development of a number of countries of the EU or is also a serious step on the road to build a separate military bloc , such as competition in NATO ?
Irish universities are facing a 6 % cut , and Britain does not make an exception , because in England , the Council for funding higher education rates can reach EUR 500 million .
Is it not the European Union 's intention and Treaty of Lisbon , which is not to protect small countries ?
I therefore voted in favour of the report on the application of patients ' rights in cross-border healthcare .
However , citizens must be at least one quarter of the Member States - the number of citizens from each Member State must be at least equal to the number of Members of the European Parliament - the number of expenditure on the admissibility rate , and citizens must be at the age that gives them the right to vote in parliamentary elections .
The problem of falsified medicines does not have a bearing on intellectual property .
Other countries have been resolving conflicts of the African Union .
It is therefore crucial that we support our farmers and promote European products that meet high standards and safety and safety .
EU cooperation should not be at the expense of health care or the linguistic choice made by Member States .
The next item is Question Time ( <UNK> ) .
You have realised and I have hoped that everything was simply a bad thing , but today you are here , Mr Barroso .
In the evening , a wave of deportation of deportation begins by the Soviets of the Soviet authorities , which is the result of hundreds of thousands of friction , <UNK> and Lithuanians are being forcibly removed from their home countries .
According to our view , patients are not merely a subject of service provided by health workers or financial interests on the part of the pharmaceutical industry .
It does not deal with the causes of depth , nor does it seek solutions .
The contribution is also to the role of Eurocontrol , which we believe should conduct a thorough incidence in order to ensure its good governance and its scrutiny of service provision .
In future , we will have to review the budgetary framework of the EU budget framework in order to cope with common resources for actions actually match the reforms .
We are also developing our relations with Iraq .
That is why I have tabled an amendment calling on the Commission to specifically recognise these remote communities .
The lesson provided by the Member States that have entered the euro area without being prepared for this , should us seriously consider determining realistic deadlines with the passage of time .
Of course , on the one hand , we can be proud that the idea of the European Union is that this excellent results have been achieved , but on the other hand , we must be aware that this project actually does not exist , because the world is moving forward , and the citizens of the European Union will continue to develop , as it is the citizens of the European Union going on , and will continue to make use of the opportunities offered to them the single market .
The common foreign and economic policy are the necessary objectives of European integration .
I am sorry to say 'yes ' because intervention in this kind entails a rather difficult situation .
Documents received : see Minutes
In December , we will also have 17 years since I come to Sweden as a <UNK> in Sweden itself , as the war that <UNK> my country and turned the <UNK> , Croats , Croats , and Serbs , lived to a full together as neighbours , in <UNK> , in <UNK> <UNK> .
The most problematic day of girls , for example , to encourage young women to take up technical professions , because it is in these <UNK> professions that arise in precarious professions , and at the same time contemporary society , people are not fully aware of the full range of professions available to women .
It is important to find the best possible solution for the contractual relations at international level and , at the same time , to provide more information in situations of this kind .
We do not mind how we will vote . We know that savings will be made .
I hope that , as a result of the crisis , the tendency to reduce the budget will not be even more intense , because then we will be even weaker and more <UNK> .
This must be at the heart of our bilateral relations .
In order to happen this , conditions must be imposed on third countries with which the European Union has trade agreements and they must be similar to the standards imposed on manufacturers of the European internal market .
On the other hand , we are not first discussing the brutal and unacceptable behaviour of the Burmese regime .
This Parliament was promised that consultations on the future financing of the Union and the ways of this .
So if you wish , during the Hungarian Presidency , to discuss the policies and of Hungary and the EU , we are ready and that will not cause us any less damage .
Over the last two years , more than 170 people have died only because Christians have been Christians , however much to believe .
The situation in the Caucasus needs to be taken seriously to the next summit between the EU and Russia .
Countries are not in agreement with regard to the association .
The situation in Haiti becomes extremely serious once all efforts by the international community have not helped to improve the situation in the country , dominated by civil war and natural disasters , but now also the cholera epidemic of cholera .
The financial crisis has been created by behaviour based on short-term profits , the inflation and a lack of responsibility .
I am therefore thankful to the Commission and to the Hungarian Government .
( HU ) Madam President , on my part , I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur .
Moreover , the rule reads to speak five , and we have given the floor to 10 .
We very clearly insisted on a coordinated approach in the protection of the creative environment - on the protection of wilderness - on the one that is now growing on the one that is changing on a biological environmental issue .
Thank you .
However , some of the worst consequences were felt by older women , women in rural areas and single mothers .
However , precisely because we still lack credibility in the government of Kazakhstan with regard to compliance with the rule of law , we must insist on an objective investigation into the case .
In the past , sanctions have had little effect in Belarus and elsewhere .
I still wish to believe that it is a radical change in European policy .
Insurance companies will happily send patients beyond the treatment if there is a cheaper treatment there .
Last year , we promised the results of Copenhagen , or so that we are more <UNK> , for the lack of results .
During our previous talks with Mr Van Rompuy , we found that the actions taken by the European Council in this regard were not the best to be the best that Europe could offer .
Progress has been far too little progress over the last five years .
I disagree with the need to agree that we should adopt decisions at European level on matters in which Member States have different attitudes .
The Belarusian offers something that we expect to expect , hope that the situation will be better and the hope that this situation is better and the hope that exists in a huge extent in Belarus than 19 December .
Free movement is one of the most important freedoms that the European Union is based on .
The development aid of USD 1 billion that you have been pouring to Africa for 60 years has only served to heal the continent even more so as to prop up the continent .
It is not perfect and it is not everything we would like , but we believe that it is a good step in the right direction .
The procedure for relocations and guarantees that are proposed by the Committee on Legal Affairs is very similar to the envisaged procedure in the directive .
It has made common public values , such as information and culture in real commodities , which generate profit , created by a media empire created by a number of TV and Radio <UNK> , the business agencies , insurance companies and banks .
I would ask you to give great support to the report tomorrow .
I wish the Commission every success next year .
Meanwhile , many things already happen at EU level , particularly in relation to awareness , the collection of information and the exchange of good practice .
If the European Union wishes to achieve its political objectives and intentions , it needs a more structured political awareness , <UNK> civil dialogue and a <UNK> public debate .
However , all these matters , in fact , are in the interest of the <UNK> and of the <UNK> and of the <UNK> and <UNK> players of <UNK> - all of these are affected .
However , I do not understand why the issue of combating violence against women should be dealt with with in the issue of a more pragmatic choice .
We comprehensively study the various opportunities of the European Union , including the centre in Rovaniemi , in Finland , and above all the role that could have been made to this potential centre .
I welcome the conclusions of the Committee on Transport and Tourism and in the report submitted report and I can assure you that many of the issues already being worked in the Commission through various activities of the strategy , such as the proposal on formalities for connecting the ships for ships , which is an important element of the common area of maritime transport without borders .
I believe that we must ensure that we are completely banned from 1 January to 2018 .
As rapporteur for the European Parliament on this subject , I sincerely hope that , based on the report from Parliament and the forthcoming Commission Communication , the Hungarian Presidency will manage to draft a strategy that is truly in the spirit of the Community , which will determine this target of a community and which will determine this target of a target of equality , taking into account the territorial character of segregation and undermining the negative situation of citizens living in <UNK> .
For these penalties used in the event of Member States which are already in a difficult financial situation , could have an adverse effect on the economies of these countries ...
If they are proved to be true , the international public will , of course , have to act quickly , with a boost from the European Union .
It is also important to emphasise the leading position that the Spanish health system on this issue is also in the Spanish health system .
You have forced to use urgent cases such as human rights protection , so as to protect a long list of problems .
It is strange , but also the European Commission today does not find the necessary arguments , nor time to influence the Latvian Government to put an end to linguistic discrimination .
The Commission must ensure that EU aid is tailored to development and to the objectives set at international level .
The European Union is a staunch supporter of the ICC , which promotes the universality and is an expression of the integrity of the Rome Statute , in order to safeguard and strengthen the independence of international trials .
It would help everyone and would allow the crisis to be born a major new project for Europe .
At the same time , lessons from over 10 years of existence and the recent crisis have drawn up a constant , but at the same time a coherent assessment .
The EU and the Member States must therefore improve energy efficiency , particularly in the sectors of buildings and transport .
Things will not develop well with the current levels of ambition .
That is why our group has a clear line on this .
There is a solution .
In today 's modern world , where technical development has such a short of life , facilitating cooperation in scientific and technological fields will benefit both sides .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
The <UNK> is saying that , if you have 10 000 provisions , you have every respect for the law .
It is particularly worrying that human rights defenders were murdered and journalists not only in the North Caucasus , but also in Russia as a whole .
The minimum income issue should be approached by the subsidiarity principle in the Member States and should be sought by exchanging best practice .
For instance , the term of family members ' is too broad and there is a risk of listing .
We must find instruments to support the development of a democratic system in Cuba and convey to the Cuban people the universal values of democracy and democratic society .
I would like to emphasise the importance of the bottom-up approach in innovation .
This is not just about youth , but also about a broader understanding which includes issues relating to young people and professional qualifications in the medium term .
We have great expectations of the Council in the coming days and we expect effective action to address the problems in this critical period .
The Commission 's request for a short space of time to be made of a short time in a short period of time to meet all the requests for legislative initiatives should be welcomed , as it reflects the growing importance of the European Parliament as co-legislator , primarily in areas such as regional policy .
I will conclude here , Madam President , because it is difficult to speak in these circumstances .
The free market should not stop making what it is right for the workers .
I believe that this is the best way that we can help Greece in a very difficult situation in which it is currently experiencing in terms of the budget and debt .
Finally , at Council level and European Commission level , it would be good for the protection of religious faith to be included in all the discussions with third countries .
It is therefore important to reduce the difference between inland and organic farming .
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
We expect the portal with best discipline and dedication to win the World Cup .
A huge effort has been made to align the budget in line with the Lisbon Strategy to provide even more resources from the envisaged in the Commission 's budget for learning programme , learning , because there is one point that we need to ask ourselves frankly , namely if this budget is useful , but , above all , one budget is useful , on the part of European citizens .
The highest standards and the reluctance of change , which often support the most frequently under the pretext of customs and tradition , can not be accepted , but , on the contrary , must be discarded as obstacles to the development of the Mediterranean region .
I have been <UNK> by the <UNK> city in Poland , but the problem is higher than the two Polish shipyards .
Of course , Members of Parliament have been calling for the closure of Guantánamo so far , so we warmly welcome the announcement of President Obama 's announcement and we understand the difficulties that the Óscar of the <UNK> who has been left by George George Bush .
The national authorities must further inspection checks on all forms of worship .
Although we can not expect miracles from this agreement , it represents a step in the right direction , and I therefore support this report .
All Member States have realised the challenge relating to patient safety , which faces , and have taken measures to deal with the problem .
Support has been broadly in many respects .
Today , our task is to decide whether we are being committed to a further step or we are in the same situation .
Mr President , the Communist totalitarianism was a ideology created by our kind of machine .
In the case of Greece , we have a capacity to assess and monitor its fiscal programme of fiscal regulation .
( The sitting was suspended at <UNK> and resumed at <UNK> )
Therefore , a bankrupt restructuring would result in major losses for the company and its workers , as well as the disseminating of negative consequences throughout the sector and waste of taxpayers ' money .
This is a serious ethical issue .
I have heard a lot of things .
The anchovy stock in the Bay of Biscay and the fisheries exploiting this stock - the western stock plan for the western stock of Atlantic horse mackerel and fishing - <UNK> for highgrading disposal - <UNK> for highgrading disposal to improve quality and restrictions on plaice and turbot in the Baltic Sea area ( debate )
We clearly see how Islam is becoming a state of state .
In this regard , there have been significant shortcomings in this regard : a more serious energy crisis in Europe during the gas dispute between Russia and Ukraine could be dealt with in one way ; the management of the Middle East crisis , in my opinion , was more than a little bit of <UNK> .
Robert Mugabe , which has been politically <UNK> in the past , is today a brutal dictator , responsible for the collapse of the economy , hunger and political terror in the country .
It was well known and orderly .
It must establish a 'common EU political partnership for peace , security and development in the Horn of Africa , which the Committee on Development began with its adoption in April 2007 .
In this case , however , we must retain our tradition of sharing this sign of valuable sites , actually located within the EU .
The Commission and the Spanish Presidency will also take part .
. - ( NL ) Madam President , for decades , the European Union has been protectionist for decades , and this is true for bananas , among other things .
In my opinion , the ICCAT should build additional control systems for its programmes : it should not be possible for the fact that the tone is made in the Mediterranean ; it should not be permitted to differentiate the <UNK> in the Mediterranean Sea , while fishing in the strictest commercial fishing of bluefin tuna .
Perhaps one of the first measures we should adopt is to increase the penalties imposed on these criminals , because it is obviously not a matter of mediation - this is a crime that is organised by criminals with the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' who wish to achieve maximum profits .
In my opinion , we will ensure that the future CAP , which is the sectoral policy , will provide solutions covering many sectors , and that thus , by means of budgetary resources , which should be allocated to the CAP , will be also clearly ensured .
A common relationship between the two databases would be sufficient .
So we will always have to make choices .
The Pacific states form a unique area , mainly of island states , which are largely ethnic and culture , differ greatly from Europe 's to Europe .
We will need even longer time to convince in this truth the societies , which are with the <UNK> brain drain in terms of the <UNK> of the <UNK> propaganda .
I would like to know whether this is true and whether officials will take part in the negotiations on Russian behalf .
On 9 December 2009 , it was <UNK> with Jordan .
It is critical that this money is coming to the money that has come to small and medium-sized enterprises ( this was mentioned by one of the speakers prior to me ) , and sooner it is possible , because they are barely able to wait .
There will be a new President and this new President should be met in the European Union and the European Parliament .
The financial and real economy are not two autonomous systems .
What are the Council and the Commission doing to get out of this disastrous situation ?
How can these ambitious strategies be realised , given that the Commission has not given a role to play in the Commission ?
The release of Farai Maguwu is , therefore , in the interests of Zimbabwe , and I hope that the authorities will listen to our call on this matter .
The energy efficiency fund has been function since 1991 and , since then , it has helped to invest in citizens ' energy efficiency .
Immediately after the Court of Justice of Justice of the European Union on 4 March 2010 , the Commission addressed written question to the Italian authorities on what measures they have announced or taken to comply with the decision .
After the last enlargement , the Black Sea is already and the EU 's Black Sea .
However , the report also draws attention to the disproportionate reaction of Russia to Georgia 's disproportionate response to the South Ossetia 's Republican intervention and to the large-scale and peacekeeping actions of Russian armed forces in Abkhazia .
At the same time , some elements of the already undertaken , planned or most important measures to improve aviation safety , above all , aviation safety requirements and aviation safety requirements .
In these conditions , even the word <UNK> ' is not in line with reality .
Finally , I would like to state that this will all be possible by the end of this parliamentary term .
I support the European Commission 's proposal to create a European strategy that is tailor-made in order to prevent and treat the people living with dementia ( <UNK> ) and people from their lives .
This report is absurd .
( PL ) Mr President , I am convinced that our profound humanitarian resolution will help reduce the gap between Europe and the Islamic world .
Thirdly , military action in South Ossetia proved to be that there is no such thing as a frozen conflict .
It was not hard to agree , after all , that it was easy to agree on certain simple principles :
Madam President , we all support directives that help save lives , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his work on a report that seems particularly simple but , in fact , complicated in terms of the details .
I find it regrettable that a small of our innovative SMEs are being <UNK> and higher companies in the EU , there are fewer , innovative research and development ( <UNK> ) than in the United States .
We believe that we need to remove the <UNK> section , which requires a continual use of government subsidies within a framework of a set of time .
So there is a clear difference .
The Hungarian Presidency has presented a detailed list of priorities .
The report also highlights the need to define and define national minority status .
Madam President , the opinion of the UK Government with regard to both the European Arrest Warrant and the European Investigation Order is that they definitely believe they have a duty - and rightly so - to do what is best for the UK , as regards cross-border crime .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Croatia 's membership of the European Union highlights the establishment of a European identity , capable of demonstrating the common values of our new Europe , which includes instead of <UNK> , the confederation of its citizens .
You have shown that citizens are showing any waste of waste , you can be explained with the fact that many promises were made at political level , but in reality none of these promises were honoured .
The fact is that , after the parallel book in Europe , we can not afford to wait hastily in deciding who will be given a candidate .
That means that we must be at the negotiating table .
Ladies and gentlemen , our determination to respect both the letter and the spirit of the Treaty of Lisbon was a choice for the future of the Union , investment in increasingly close European cooperation .
Lastly , particular attention should be focused on women who are affected by this severe disease twice .
This approach implies sufficient scope for manoeuvre to be made in the face of individual requirements .
I would actually like to emphasise that one of the previous agreements - this with Australia - was called an agreement of the year most , which most data protection .
We therefore need to strengthen our cooperation so as to combat terrorism more effectively .
However , these considerations must not jeopardise the sustainability of the budget and the <UNK> that are crucial to every institution .
Of course they are very .
I do not think that this is a solution because , in my opinion , Member States will not have the money to ensure that specific measures are adopted in the outermost regions , without the common agricultural policy and an approach of community .
Wales is also suffering a high level of unemployment and will be seriously affected by the Swedish public sector of the UK Government .
The problem is to deal with the fact that at a global level , European competition policy forces to combat the strong <UNK> of the Middle East and today , precisely because of this policy of competition , we are forcing it to compete with the changing edge of the Middle East and today , because it is inviting to compete with the manufacturing industries .
There will be many ways of doing this - without necessarily the financial resources - and I am happy to look at this point in time .
The collection and exchange of data on effective strategies , policies and actions will help to strengthen the support of the government and the various sectors .
What happens in Cuba is a disgrace to all those who are part of politics guided by such a militant <UNK> .
Do we have agreements with them which facilitate them too much and encourage them to remain outside the European Union , while at the same time countries within the European Union are being encouraged to ratify this kind of agreement ?
No one wants to understand - but if these amendments are adopted , the result of this proposal will be the opposite .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .
In the interests of legal certainty , we all need to have the same rights throughout Europe for oppressive infringements and there must be mandatory information on these rights .
The item is closed .
I believe that especially in a financial and energy crisis , it is our duty to address this area more closely and to meet the wishes and needs of the population in this regard , because , after all , the person and nature of the nature are not interlinked but must complement each other .
As Mr Trichet said , the French and German , French and German , the euro is much more than the currency : it is our common destiny .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , 200 000 dead , 250 million people are affected , 250 million people are directly affected by the earthquake , 4 million people directly affected by the earthquake : these are full of the terrible consequences of the terrible catastrophe that has hit Haiti .
Last but not least , the accession of Iceland can lead to a coherent and effective European policy in the region .
The Minister said that it is thought that there are a joint use of consular sites .
For instance , in some EU Member States , there was a mass exodus of qualified , poorly trained workers , in which these Member States have made significant investments .
The online games offer greater opportunities for online advertising practices , such as fraud , match-fixing and cartels for illegal <UNK> , because games on the Internet can be created and replaced very quickly .
First , the vote in plenary on the key amendments , in my opinion , Amendments 7 , 31 and 34 .
I would like to address two elements of the media law .
I welcome the wording of Article 15 , which must ensure that the efforts to control tobacco is specifically protected against the commercial interests of the tobacco industry .
( Heckling )
In Copenhagen , there should be more than a declaration of intent .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , the time of the hot weather in the light of today 's news , I have yet again linked to the euro to which we are grateful .
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) is a stepping-stone agreement on the conservation of wilderness in the world .
So , on the first report on the five-year term of office of Parliament , let me say how we , as Parliament , should deal with the issue of Turkey .
We have a very good experience in this dialogue and we believe that it works well .
I would like to point out , however , that the European Securities and Markets Authority should be equipped with such staff , which will enable it to actually carry out its tasks effectively , which is difficult to do with a relatively small number of staff from which it is expected to carry out almost <UNK> tasks .
It is lovely to believe that simply allowing a <UNK> of transition to a different form can create a state .
( Heckling )
Many of them are very little respected in human rights and democracy , including - just a few of them - Cuba , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , the Saudi Arabia and Iran as a potential candidate .
The truth is that the EU must be clearer and must demand stronger and demand from countries that uphold fundamental human rights , such as freedom of expression and freedom of the press .
Mr Geoghegan-Quinn , perhaps in this context , you can give some impetus to this trade agreement to be established and a programme for oil sands .
The Council - in accordance with the Treaty - will decide on sanctions based on the so-called <UNK> ' .
If Member States do not achieve results in this programme , the competitiveness of the EU as a whole will suffer .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
In other things , in other things , it is through health companies that are shifting and companies are taking the brunt of costs .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the image of opposition leader in Burma , Mrs Aung San Suu Kyi , from <UNK> , has still been kept in our minds .
I am convinced that the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU ) , and particularly Articles 290 and 291 , reinforces the democratic nature of the Union and streamline its legal regime .
Is it right to work with an obligatory figure and whether we should not consider something other ?
How principles and rules should be established to provide aid ?
We can therefore expect an incident on the reactor of every 25 years .
I would like to stress that terrorism has no form of religious faith .
The regulation must be revised and it must be swiftly .
What we Members of the European Parliament can do in such a situation is to address the European Commission and then to wait a few weeks for a constructive response .
It is necessary to use innovative measures and suitable financial instruments to increase their competitiveness , improve access to information and participation in research programmes .
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance abstained in the vote .
By 2050 , our planet will probably be a business for <UNK> billion people , more than two million more than today - the most likely that farmers will have to produce 70 % more food .
However , much remains to be done in the area of energy efficiency and that is why I welcome this report .
The Commission proposes to review the regulatory framework .
This report does not show any competence in terms of concepts and risk ; it fails to pull them out .
The Fourth United Nations conference on the least developed countries ( LDCs ) should be focused on coordinating development policies , as it is an important factor in reducing poverty .
Documents received : see Minutes
The European Commission 's proposal is not properly justified in terms of the question as to why this additional funding is required .
In Portugal , bank profits rose by 18 % in the first quarter of this year .
The dilemma against the United States , which has already been actively managed in committee two years ago , has come back through the issue of CIA flight flights in Europe .
For the first time , the Council has been present for the debate on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget .
( HU ) Colleagues , food safety is a fundamental goal of the European Union , but this is a bad compromise .
The Member States affected must benefit from the funds allocated to situations that limit business activity and have social consequences .
( Applause and speaker from certain quarters )
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the regulation on European private companies , which we are due to adopt , strengthens the framework for the types of companies that should be regulated at European level .
We in the European Union can not act alone if we pass rules that are not shared by other countries , which will put European economy in a globalised world in which we live .
It must be found to live with a brick that does not necessarily mean that it does not necessarily mean that it is possible to agree with its way of action .
Do n't let anyone take any measures whatsoever .
In the next growth survey , we also considered the need to strengthen the reform of the internal market reform .
The vote will take place today at 12 noon .
I voted for the 2010 progress report on the progress made by Iceland in 2010 , as I believe that we should support the accession of one of the oldest democracies to the EU , given that the conditions required for this , such as suspension and marketing of <UNK> products - have been met .
Social companies are an integral part of the Commission 's policy in the area of companies .
Thank you very much , Prime Minister .
We are on the way to achieve our communication targets .
I am not , in fact , satisfied with the number of items from the agenda that have been made public to date , or the way in which access documents is made available .
All these steps have been taken as crucial elements of Parliament 's role .
Let me make one brief personal comment .
I would like to say a few words on economic partnership and the Transatlantic Economic Council ( TEC ) .
The existence of Christians and Muslims is becoming increasingly apparent and the blasphemy law is rooted in many acts that violate fundamental freedoms .
I fully support the observations and remarks of the author on the introduction and application of Community law in the Member States .
Consumer protection ( vote )
This proposal concerns the mobilisation of a total sum of EUR 1 422 to EUR 1 422 assistance to support Lithuania in order to provide assistance to workers in 128 firms working in the civil construction sector .
This concession has already led to student riots .
In order to encourage South Korea towards opening up its market prices , in other cases , three <UNK> products have been removed , in the case of three <UNK> products : tomatoes , trade and Korean <UNK> .
The current authorities in Iran may perhaps deny this longstanding culture and history .
They concern justice , and claims for damages for the criminal application of the law .
His brutal behaviour was not even foreseen by its high-ranking state officials , including its ambassadors .
We have a very well structured dialogue organised by the European Economic and Social Committee , and I have had a very lengthy debate with them only two weeks ago .
The high levels of bee mortality caused by bees and a resolved scourge of the collapse of European families , unfortunately , will not disappear .
The demand for balance between economic and social interests is not only very important , but also very hard .
Today , we emphasise the increased violence against Christians , which is a cause of deep concern .
However , if we do not adapt it to new challenges in the strategy , we are all at risk .
Tomorrow , she will probably also affect the last <UNK> .
The Council decided to end the isolation of the community and facilitate the reunification of Cyprus by encouraging the economic development of the migrant community .
The Cancún conference has shown that the UN can indeed achieve results .
( FR ) Mr President , in this period of economic recession , it was important that the European Union continues to show solidarity towards developing countries .
The defence of France in the military structures of NATO , as well as efforts to European security and defence policy , provide an excellent opportunity for harmonisation of European security strategies and possible new strategies for NATO .
One thing that is also worrying this year is the control of the third pillar of the European Development Fund , namely the joint management of organisations .
The events of recent weeks have shown that airport security is a very important task for the Member States , and that we need to take all the necessary vigorous measures .
Articles 6 and 7 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union obliges authorities and all Member States to combat discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation .
I am thinking , in particular , of the <UNK> , railway lines , networks , networks , networks , networks , networks , networks and all the system of small and medium-sized enterprises , especially in the maritime sector , in the fisheries sector and in the agricultural sector , with 45 000 hectares of <UNK> , as the source of the flooding was destroyed by the sea .
( RO ) Mr President , I would like to begin by expressing my deep sympathy to the Japanese people .
Unfortunately , the Commission is not yet able to accept this proposal .
- Madam President , I voted 'for ' for the Economic Partnership Agreement ( EPAs ) because , through the reciprocity of the Economic Partnership Agreement , we can only help the other countries to feel the benefits of economic progress .
You must act quickly and act quickly .
It was therefore necessary to make the current legislative framework more obsolete by amending the directive from 1991 on the placing of certain products on the market and , secondly , to fill the gaps at Community level in the use of these products .
In relations with the International Criminal Tribunal , the rule of law is leading .
This is a form of unacceptable violence against women and should be taken to prevent such trafficking , protect victims of trafficking and prosecution of the perpetrators of this violence .
I have repeatedly mentioned that hundreds of people have been subjected to brutal police brutality and suffered serious pain , with several hundred people being detained and several hundred people have been arrested in continuous criminal proceedings in which they have been innocent .
We wanted to maintain this wording , because we believe that we do not need new UN legislation to deal with the concept of religions , because we already have international standards , which is the most effective international standards , namely the protocol on the prevention of religious minorities .
Mr Orbán , the aggressive and improper protection of your allies did not convince me .
I particularly welcome the new agreement in the new agreement , which requires the President of the Commission to carry out a thorough review , in case , if Parliament withdrew its confidence in a commissioner .
Petitions : see Minutes
Let us be careful to ensure the new economic strategy called the European Union 2020 strategy does not become another onerous monster .
I would not like to comment on whether Britain would have been better outside the European Union .
The costs of treatments obtained in another Member State are reimbursed in the country in which the patient registered , but are restricted to the sum that would be paid for such treatment ...
The Baltic States , which are isolated from the rest of Europe , are left to the gas supplier of Eastern Europe 's gas suppliers .
I think that we in the European Union should be very cooperative and understand what responsibility our national governments are responsible .
in writing . - ( RO ) I voted for the report on the proposal for a Council directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste , as nuclear security in the EU depends on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste .
This means that they are also more in a position to cope with a real competition , and not to be dependent on special assistance .
At last , history shows us that , in the conflicts of conflicts , as in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the political solution is the only hope for peace .
Finally , I would like to say that it is clear to me personally that , as we can help the poorest of the poor .
However , we saw last week in Ireland that the banks still rely on getting away from taxpayers .
I voted for this report because , in the budget of the 2011 Community budget , presented by Parliament 's Committee on Budgets , it is foreseen to the funding for the priorities set out by Parliament , such as education , innovation , the peace process in the Middle East and in Palestine , the research programme and lifelong learning programme .
I understand that this is a diplomatic issue between two countries , which are not even Member States of the European Union , but it has a serious effect on the citizens of the European Union who are interested in travelling to make their living .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , we must undoubtedly emphasise the importance of the implementation of the ILO conventions , but I am afraid that our ruling system , which is to say that our free system , namely , is a market and therefore a commodity .
This is a change that will improve the quality of the atmosphere and significantly limit greenhouse gas that cause climate change .
Madam President , the review conference of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) is a most significant event and significant event for the development of the Republic of Justice itself and , in general sense , international criminal justice .
I call for the role that everyone in the health paradigm has in the worrying situation of a new , fairer distribution of quotas and more stringent measures .
We want to do this in our way , but we want to engage with you and we need our support .
Is this not the case in which defending this situation means the bad <UNK> in relation to the own ideology of a man ?
We realise that climate change is falling into the climate and that climate change is a simple , daily daily daily issue .
Good !
In the case of Poland , this is mainly linked to the huge potential created at first of the extensive improvement in new buildings and secondly , to the new and wide replacement of old buildings in residential areas , with modern thermal insulation and , secondly , to a broad replacement of old <UNK> plants in residential areas with modern <UNK> plants .
In my opinion , the changes made in the agreement are not completely convincing .
( Applause )
The fight for gender equality is a daily battle in all our countries .
It is possible to reach a balanced compromise , creating an instrument that could effectively tackle this type of criminal activity , and creating strict policies and more stringent sanctions , including prison with up to 10 to 10 to 10 years and counting on the effect gained from the crime .
I have drawn the message in your reply that you need to make sure different levels of distribution in countries and in geographical areas .
Europe 's attitude is partly due to the fact that we ourselves are losing our most basic values here .
The Commission has provided technical assistance to the European External Action Service for Gender Equality .
Its proper functioning is based on the concept of solidarity .
First of all , I would like to express my great thanks for the detailed work of the Court of Auditors .
That is what it has done , it has had , both positive and negative developments .
The survival of cross-border connections for the European transport network is obvious , which provides us with a justification to support the renewal of bottlenecks between all modes of transport , especially those where the development and development has become more difficult , as in the case of rail and maritime transport .
We all have a lot to do and the Member States , too , have a lot to do in this area .
We have just had a conflict .
It is about genuine equality of opportunity , because it must be just as easy to build a Christian church in Alexandria or Ankara as it is to build the mosque in Brussels .
Under these circumstances , the Spring Summit could not be at a better time .
I believe that this comprehensive debate has brought to us the fact that we are dealing with a huge problem that faces us a huge challenge .
A target that aims to combat poverty will send out a powerful signal that the EU is motivated to provide opportunities for all in society , even to the most marginalised and the most vulnerable .
I would like to thank the rapporteur and I hope that we have the strength to find the answer to this : what is the Internet , can it be regulated and , if , how to do so ?
Commissioner , I look forward to your proposals on corporate governance , which is announced in the Green Paper , as this is another package of documents that we will certainly continue to work for the coming months and years .
I believe that this agreement will pave the way for new economic benefits , whether for consumers or airlines , and will strengthen cooperation between the two sides of the Atlantic , thereby bringing benefits to the European Union .
We can not forget that oil prices are directly affecting fishermen 's revenues .
We are beginning to work because it is now time that , in reality , it is time for implementation and from the prevailing guidelines for action outlined in our communication on the Internet of Things , I am delighted to announce that some are already being done .
We must build safe nuclear power stations and , at the same time , using the Structural Funds , to focus strategic communities on the link between energy , water and biotechnology , thereby favouring diversification of energy base .
Now to continue .
I would like to emphasise the request for the Commission to conclude agreements containing clauses for democracy , human rights and compliance with social , health and environmental standards , and , at the same time , to ensure effective monitoring of compliance with and implementation of these standards in practice .
I seem to me to be a successful partnership .
( DE ) Mr President , in 2000 , under the world , 1 200 people died in an 1 200 world .
I would , however , like to ask a few questions to Parliament and try to give some answers to this , why the Commission has proposed a directive that supports the implementation of ITS and , secondly , whether initiatives at local and national level in this area are inadequate .
It is important to find a more open way out of the situation where the Union shows its resolve through specific measures such as sanctions or visa restrictions , but at the same time , not only should we isolate Belarus from the rest of Europe , because all the migrant society will suffer from the EU .
It should be opposed to terrorism , but it must not be used as a reward for eliminating rights and guarantees for citizens .
The European Commission 's policy needs a new direction .
I think Article 3 of the joint motion for a resolution , which expresses the will to increase aid for fishermen , is of vital importance .
There is a need to increase public funding and develop more instruments and to promote energy efficiency .
This kind of measure would help to provide a development plan for Greece 's development .
Mr President , within the framework of the discussion currently being held in place , I would like to ask a question of the impact of the crisis on the implementation of the directive in the countries of the European Union .
More and more countries are addressing nuclear energy for civil and , unfortunately , military targets .
The Turkish Government continues to look at as a terrorist forces against violations of the rights of Kurds against the violation of Kurds .
We have received so far , and we have received some 400 opinions , as well as the Commission comes into office , as we have recently faced a significant number of direct contacts with over 500 meetings between the Commission and national parliaments .
It should be emphasised that these voluntary partnership agreements in the timber trade in timber should not be contrary to the EU 's absolute objective of combating climate change and must ensure sustainable forest exploitation , lead to forest degradation and forest degradation , and emissions of biodiversity and biodiversity emissions of biodiversity emissions globally .
That is the striking shame !
However , the euro is not in isolation .
We do not need regulation , Mr <UNK> , on such as you .
We should not be surprised because the problems are beginning .
However , in my opinion , this is not enough .
The new Protocol has been signed on 13 May 2011 and the same date the Council has submitted to Parliament the request for authorisation .
The Commissioner-designate found quite a lot of Kallas , but I would like to remind the Commission that , on 25 % of CO2 , 25 % of CO2 emissions are covered , and therefore emergency action is required .
You have caused a needle-stick injury to a man .
in writing . - ( NL ) Food security is , first and foremost , a defence policy .
They will contribute to reducing the volume of work and the number of additional documents that need to be provided without compromising principles of sound financial management .
I believe that we need to concentrate on what is important .
I would have liked to have been a bit clearer answer , however .
As a result , it is a result of them being saved or improved lives for millions of people .
The Commission 's communication raises a different set of issues , as part of the debate on possible reform of the common fisheries policy by 2012 .
We really need a policy that has crossed borders and we also expect the Commission to have long-term solutions .
I know , Commissioner , that the Commission is now interfering and does so , too , through many projects and resources .
Although industrial and consumer associations are in favour of Directive <UNK> on energy labelling , it can not be argued that it is in keeping with technological achievements and innovation in the energy market , because firstly , we need to emerge from this situation in the <UNK> whole of Europe , so as to create a new dimension in the lives of consumers .
Furthermore , we are pleased that greening will be mandatory for a compulsory part of the first pillar , and direct payments will be distributed more distributed between the individual Member States and the various agricultural sectors .
The data provided without agreement has been continually for many years .
I am pleased that I am in this regard that I can emphasise the progress made by Romania in this area in recent years , as the Fundamental Rights Agency says .
We believe that there is a big risk that the effects of the financial transaction tax on the financial market will hopefully not be realised if the EU introduces this tax .
We need to look again and again to the subject .
It certainly needs to be a strict budget of restrictions .
As these practices are restricting and freeing the <UNK> and the <UNK> <UNK> , and this results in the <UNK> of society .
Around 100 of these requirements were successfully met .
( For the results and other details on the vote : see Minutes )
More effort must be made to improve administrative cooperation between Member States .
in writing . - ( DE ) I thank the rapporteur .
Anyone who rejected them - and I would like to state quite clearly - and I would like to state that all the wordings adopted in this resolution , thus denying the AKP to allow the liberation to pursue its policy of oppression in the camp that controls .
The contents of this report is a direct consequence of the existing time of a modern green ideology , according to which we must put our nature and the planet first , and that we can not care for people , their needs and interests .
The new Community directive creates new challenges , pressure to modernise national health systems in the 27 Member States of the European Union and , clearly , the need for cohesion and cooperation between all the Member States of the European Union in order to exchange best practice best practices , promote e-health and achieving constant improvements in the standard of cross-border healthcare .
We know that the financial crisis has made financial groups that have survived into bigger and stronger .
Some of them are not yet present at the moment , and I therefore wish to express my strong protest .
This cooperation will allow a variety of controversial scenarios and increase confidence in the forecasts that are being used in the planning process .
We in Parliament should welcome it .
We must also stress all forms of State censorship and protectionist policies .
The Commission firmly believes that deepening economic relations between the EU and the jurisdictions should always be accompanied by a commitment to compliance with the principles of good governance .
I can not try to get a bit of the game .
The Spanish Presidency has fulfilled the expected road in the most important institutional issues .
In fact , many times , when you vote 'yes ' with 'yes ' in Ireland for the Treaty of Lisbon , Spain and the Spanish people .
in writing . - It is imperative that the CAP is properly phased out so as to cope with the challenges in the future .
The adoption of this directive is an important outcome , but at the same time its transposition into national legislations is , in fact , the fundamental stage in ensuring the correct implementation of the legislation by the Member States and that there are no barriers to the single market .
It is open to open trade , and that is why it was not easy to get to an agreement .
This example is not a <UNK> , as it is , of course , an EU ally in many areas - in fact , the case is more important , as in the fight against the death penalty does not have a place for double standards .
In the context of the earlier Doha Round negotiations , we can study and issues related to Singapore Singapore .
We must be aware that the Eastern Partnership requires commitment from both partners and the European Union .
We must aim to integrate the Baltic Sea region with the priority of the TEN-T , including the railway axis of the Baltic Sea to the Baltic Sea ( <UNK> ) and the sea of the Baltic Sea ( 21 ) .
You have spoken of a fight against terrorism , Mr <UNK> , spoke of the information and protection of personal data in his interesting and excellent report on this subject in Parliament 's debate on this topic on 26 November .
The most important thing is that the changes contain a provision that traders should provide definite information prior to the importing of goods or export of goods .
Although respect for the principle of reversibility , there should be a definition of the principle of reversibility , technical solutions and technical solutions for definitively <UNK> waste disposal in order to ensure potential access and use of waste to technical solutions , such as <UNK> , if progress in research has led to new technological solutions , such as <UNK> .
I regret , however , that the mandatory indication of all products , including those with minimum <UNK> , was not adopted .
In this regard , we still have some difficult discussions on how this will be done in detail in the various sectors - industry , the energy sector , transport and housing - and in the Member States .
Therefore , decisions during the Spanish Presidency are very important , because they will determine our way of working , as well as the efficacy of the European Union .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , thank you , but overall I hope that the Commission considers that the time is a suitable revision of the guidelines that you have just mentioned , because in fact they are already ten years .
In fact , Parliament must play an important role in the way in which research is carried out .
We are seeing that , as much information as the information , the communication and dialogue are better , the majority .
When this happens , once again , we are in trouble because of pressure from the United States .
We are also faced with major challenges .
The whole world also knows the key role of the EU in the field of humanitarian aid .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the gas crisis , which has proved to be Europe at the start of 2009 , has quickly reached the magnitude of the disastrous situation for Bulgaria , for which no alternative to the supplied gas supply of gas .
In Polish cases , the introduction of reforms has become necessary due to the increasing ineffectiveness of the old system , which has been a source of even higher costs .
In the Europe 2020 strategy , priority is , first and foremost , investments in work .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
I have a request to the rich and the <UNK> .
Mr President , I am grateful for the opportunity to discuss the current state of accession process for the accession of FYROM .
We must express our disapproval in relation to the major gaps of the Commission in the implementation of competitiveness and innovation programmes , in particular , during an economic crisis , which is logical to increase the need for such support .
in writing . - I support this report , which requests and clear rules for subcontracting in Europe .
Other elements of information have provided some elements of information , mainly on costs of providing legal advice and oral translations .
Perhaps this is a good thing .
The technical capabilities of banks are usually cited as the main reason in this sense , as they are above all technical solutions , because they are above all technical solutions , but I would like to say that the technical modernisation of banks is in the interest of the banking sector and the bank themselves because they are thereby tightening up the banking market , their payment systems and increase their profits .
The punishment of Judge Afiuni is a sad reminder of the negative treatment of Venezuela 's rights .
I would like to thank all the speakers for their comments .
We trust that this will be a very strong signal , both to the Belarusian authorities and to civil society , media and all those who are fighting for the democratic development of the country .
How specific options do we have , as the European Union , to provide more support ?
Secondly , I would like to address the issue of the Gaza Strip .
Mr President , I would also like to begin by saying that , in my opinion , it is now time to table a proposal for a revision of the Energy Efficiency Action Plan and , if there are any doubts , I think that the debate we are having today will clarify matters .
It has a humanitarian disaster and requires immediate action .
For a time , Bulgaria has tried to do more to combat crime .
Unfortunately , it is obvious that the glass and the current lives have made it harder for these useful bees to be claimed .
I will answer some of your questions which have already been raised in my final remarks .
In order to achieve the target of achieving the target by 2050 , the developing countries will have to limit the level of an increase of their emissions by 15 % to 30 % by 2020 , developing countries would have to limit their emissions by 2020 if no effort had been made to limit emissions .
Our health is maintained by a clean environment and a climate .
The review will also improve the effectiveness of the procedures for cooperation and control of customs administrations thanks to the general system , which will help to prevent , investigate and prosecute serious infringements of national law .
( FR ) Mr President , I just want to point out that , when voting on paragraph 8 of the original text , the French translation paragraph 10 .
As long as cohesion policy plays a crucial role in addressing the economic crisis and climate change , the Council has proposed a significant reduction in appropriations for payments designated to this policy in 2010 .
The UfM can help a solution , but it does not argue for the solution , nor should it be blocked by these confrontation .
We have heard three different figures , which we must vote on now .
It is also crucial that we make progress in the direction of achieving the Millennium Development Goals .
Commissioner , in its recommendations , we ask the Commission what detailed information lines are used and planned for cooperation with Libya .
I would therefore also like to ask the European Commission to carry out long-term and comprehensive studies on the health consequences of the Chernobyl disaster .
The EU has decided on the exploitation of workers in distress and has gradually made them believe that there is a need for the sole , uniform provisions in the criminal law in all sectors and in the hotel .
The second issue concerns actions to be taken by local authorities .
The interim agreement between Papua New Guinea , Fiji and the European Community was signed on 14 December 2007 .
Responsibility for public statements made by Members of Parliament belongs and , above all , to the people who do them .
This is a clear expression of the responsibilities of the Member States and the EU as regards accommodation .
In contrast to the other , the Commission must use this method to offer us the means of specific application of the new horizontal social clause in Article 9 of the Treaty of Lisbon .
We also need to bear in mind the progress made by the authorities in Tripoli , which have successfully moved course to the country from isolation and to a transition to open and diplomatic economic and diplomatic contacts .
The next week is the European SME Week .
This support is essential if we are to overcome certain shortcomings in legislative instruments of this first stage - even in their adoption , once they have been adopted - in their consultation with Parliament .
In these cases , the problem is simply getting worse and the rapidly changing it becomes a reality .
I oppose EU action more broadly and , for this very reason , I can advise the various forms of totalitarianism that have been mentioned , which are mentioned , its various forms in different countries .
Lastly , on tax havens , a number of simple measures can be taken on the areas of tax havens .
I am surprised that failure to reconcile negotiations is due not to correspondence with the figures , but to the refusal to carry out a joint future of Member States , in other words , to the future of Europe .
The proposed amendments to the regulations include , especially at a time of the current economic crisis , provisions for simplifying the rules for using the funds .
They estimate that they can cover global demand for food only a month and a half .
Prior to this , the Statute for a European constitution was rejected in France and the Netherlands .
We believe that we had to make it possible to set further savings .
This was not only consulted with Parliament , with its Members and committees responsible for matters relating to cars , competition between dealers and consumers , but also consultations with the Member States and all the stakeholders and all the stakeholders who wanted to express their opinion .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I would like to thank many Members for all their opinions .
In the preparation for the next G20 meeting , these last months have seen intense activity from the institution that had to carry out ex post control .
They may perhaps be used to find farms , but not to fund good name for the innocent name of innocent people , and this cost them , because not only the country 's specific supply chain , but all the country has been broken .
We are ready to discuss our own human rights challenges in the Human Rights Council , to share experience and to offer support to those who work for a better respect for human rights throughout the world .
The aim of the Paris Convention on International <UNK> is to regulate the frequency , quality and procedures of international exhibitions .
Commercial agreements between the EU and the country , which have not been amended for 20 years , should have been improved , especially at a time of great financial risk .
Today 's positive vote is not blank cheque for the Americans : Parliament will retain its vigilance in the coming months , particularly in terms of the procedure for change in the powers of Europol , the establishment of an independent body that will be Washington DC in Washington , and the creation of a European Terrorist Finance Tracking Program programme .
Mr President , I think that the European Union has become too high and comprises many cultures , and it is simply not changing in the system as a whole , but rather things are moving on .
The strategic partnership with Russia , which some are talking , should be built on shared values ; otherwise there will be no point .
The United States , Japan and North Korea have the right to pass such laws as they consider appropriate .
Of the five targets , a special focus is specifically devoted to the fight against poverty and social exclusion .
The existing instruments and the coordination procedures and surveillance procedures have made it possible for the EU to overcome the crisis that no Member State can overcome itself alone .
It is gratifying that , in a year , in which we had economic and social pressure , such as 2009 , the Council has not been forced to resolve one of the key issues on EU-level regulation .
Fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for in the <UNK> Partnership Agreement (
In my annual report , the progress made in addressing complaints has been made in addressing complaints , the promotion of good governance and the information provided for the Ombudsman 's role .
Thanks to our joint preparation and a single voice , we have increased our burden in the G20 .
The priority must be to resettle the following people , despite geographic priorities , which the EU can be a given for a given period : children and women who are exposed to violence or sexual exploitation , gay people , special medical needs , victims , violence and torture , to be made or , for legal reasons , and to protection .
Fourth , in order to prevent and combat extremism and <UNK> , we must support countries and the legitimate non-governmental representatives of the design and the implementation of strategies and activities in order to combat Islamist radicalisation and promote democratic , tolerant and peaceful development for a society .
The Member States must therefore eliminate all forms of violence against women and children , especially trafficking in human beings , sexual exploitation , sexual violence and domestic violence .
I believe that we can offer Belarus specific incentives within the Eastern Partnership , but not just .
That is the facts .
However , I am particularly concerned that the Joint Undertaking has not yet fully established its internal control systems and financial reporting , which endangers transparency in the spending of European taxpayers .
We must be able to prevent crises of overproduction , among other things , to preserve agricultural activity in all European regions .
The Treaty of Lisbon has granted the Union a new exclusive competence with regard to foreign direct investment .
Where it is supposed to be seen there , there are only empty seats .
When faced with an natural disaster and we face increasing disasters of this type , it is imperative that the European Union should provide aid to the Member States and regions that are affected by the permanent effects of such tragedies .
As a good start , it could be a good start to condemn any country using a return to neo-colonialism .
We need more energetic people .
Madam President , Mr Almunia , Mr specifically during this transitional period , I thank you for your previous period in the previous period and wish you luck you luck you on your new post .
It is important , however , to ensure that intervention strategies in the European Union do not differentiate down a gender , race or ethnic definition .
After four years , we have not prepared for the next energy crisis if there is one .
You were a great supporter of the unity of Germany , and this was very important for all of us .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
The costs for direct and informal care are indeed high .
This will confirm or deny the existence of parallel criminal proceedings ;
The real problem is harmonisation , but this is not ideological , but mainly cultural .
Firstly , the call for the sector to be convenient to be used to benefit from the end consumer .
In a communication on the press by August of the European Anti-Fraud Office , there is a reference to convicted the <UNK> <UNK> of cigarettes in the United States .
Lastly , Ecofin must be given the right to call an economic crisis .
( Parliament approved the request )
The conclusion of the Consultative Working Party is that the proposal is restricted to a straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance .
I think that , by adopting this House , our main message to SMEs must read that Parliament and the European institutions are behind them and want to strengthen the will and opportunities that small and medium-sized enterprises in Europe are demonstrating at the moment , in the face of storm Xynthia .
Youth unemployment is one of the most fundamental problems of Europe .
The European Union can not stand up the exemplary language of either a refugee or a asylum seeker .
On 27 February 2006 , the Council authorised the Commission to open negotiations with Liechtenstein and Switzerland .
We are now looking forward to the new Commission plan for equality for the period 2011-2015 .
By reforming the regulation of the actions , the European Union could use this opportunity to encourage the recovery of European political parties .
In the same way , the item 40 of the regional support guidelines states that aid must be conditional on this , whether a investment will be made in the region of five years after it will be completed in the region of its closure .
I myself and Minister López Garrido in Sunday and I was in Eurocontrol and I am committed to all the ministers of the freight of the larger Member States .
Does the Commission plan to draw up a programme for redistribution between the parties and how is it planning to extend and implement this clause ?
As recent events in Germany show , national food safety authorities must be established today by all Member States .
The case-law case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Union , this directive provides the European public with greater certainty as they need to benefit from health care , on the other Member State and on their own costs reimbursed to them to the extent that they need to be reimbursed in their national system .
I believe that such a lesson was an undesirable lesson from Parliament , namely that greater power is responsible .
Furthermore , it is obvious that payments based on the two pillars of the CAP are not simply public resources , but actually they are buying a public good that can not be sufficiently productive from the market .
Madam President , this is true .
My vote in favour of this motion for a resolution is based on the need to confirm that Europe and , in particular , the European Parliament as a democratically elected body has always been a country of its citizens .
I do not need to mention that the results of these measures will become clear in the long term .
We hope that in future , we will also see such a positive development in the future as well .
This is particularly in force , given that regions have not even been involved in these situations , and also bearing in mind that they will be the most affected by the limitations of the Structural Funds .
The Council Presidency will attend to the next part-session of the Human Rights Council on behalf of the European Union .
It is time we said : short !
I predict that , as a form of political governance , this can be one of the causes of the moral crisis , for which we are all talking about , the root of the economic crisis .
We in Europe are reasonable enough to be able to share part of our sovereign debt , although Mrs Merkel does not approve this .
( RO ) Mr President , Commissioner , the <UNK> that Taiwan has hit the lives of hundreds of thousands of people and destroyed tens of thousands of homes .
I believe that the approach that we have developed on this issue is entirely logical .
We also need to ensure that there are no gaps between old directives , which are repealed and the 2004 directive on measuring instruments .
It is estimated that the number of patients with the Alzheimer 's is doubled every 20 years .
For this reason , the European Union must take full advantage of every opportunity to indicate the importance of common values through the European External Action Service .
My services are in constant contact with the German authorities and they instantly information among the Member States , through the Rapid warning system , and feed chain .
The Libyan people have been reorganised , tortured and executions .
It is right to want to have a leading role in Nagoya as regards the preservation of biodiversity , but even the European Union is unable to halt biodiversity loss .
Women are less represented in politics and in the management boards of companies or , in other words , they are excluded from the decision-making process and economy .
Mr President , energy security is an area where the EU must act proactively and with the greatest possible degree of unity and coordination as much as possible , and we do not , therefore , the European Conservatives and Reformists , we support the creation of a common energy market , because this will strengthen the position of the Member States with regard to the main suppliers , while at the same time reducing the potential of certain suppliers to be able to comply with their dominant situation in order to play a foreign space of energy games .
Important progress has been made with regard to energy security , with the ratification of the intergovernmental agreement on Nabucco , as well as in the field of aviation cooperation between the EU and the Republic of aviation cooperation - with the initialling of a horizontal aviation agreement between the EU and Turkey .
Some countries require official passports , others are willing to pass any documents , and third does not accept the vaccination of any kind of vaccination .
Climate change will not be halted with the recession and - despite the latter - the poorest countries will suffer from our carbon consumption .
A remote region or Member States will see EU funds directed at the national budget in order to spend through national systems under the exclusive responsibility of the Minister of Finance , and verified by the higher audit of the Member States ' audit of the Member States .
The agenda for external relations in all cases will be a fixed on the basis of ongoing events , namely , the Council for General Affairs and External Relations in May and June , on which issues concerning defence and development , besides issues concerning defence and development , among the usual agenda .
However , in most countries , the measures required must be taken into account for the country 's own interests , for the protection of its own future .
Mr Bildt , my only wish is that negotiations there should be a proximity to the people there , rather than to discuss the outside .
Honourable Members will recall that , in their previous quality , I raised the issue of the CAP precisely , I raised the issue of the <UNK> ' system and Sri Lanka .
It is important to remember that some of the six affected countries , such as Belarus , Ukraine and Georgia , are important transit countries .
Member States will align the policies with regard to support this process and I hope that , as soon as possible , the EU 's special representative and the leader of the EU delegation will be put in place .
We have not forgotten people who have been living in the health and even their lives in the struggle , and the hundreds of thousands of people who had to leave their homes .
As this was a special event for us , could you make a few general remarks on this first session of matters and answers ?
I would not welcome this fact if I had not been mainly mistaken , that the number of Italian Members who are usually not of interest in human rights and who , for that reason , often first ...
As for a question as to a question that was asked by someone , let us first attempt , first of all , to make a consensus on the fundamental principles .
( EL ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , exactly a year ago , the Greek economy and Greece was launched a year ago and a mechanism for supporting it .
The main cause of this situation lies in the fact that quality of their lives remains at the level of a developing country , which , in turn , boosts the tendency for exclusion and <UNK> religions , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> of the dangerous actions .
It also does not include the existence of other trade unions , such as same-sex couples , which are recognised in some Member States .
When we pass on reports like this , we are taking away from the people to vote 'yes ' or against and against and give it a <UNK> to lawyers .
We will have to look at ourselves carefully and think carefully .
The specific operators that will be required for approval are clearly regulated .
The internal production that can make a significant contribution to food security and trade in third countries , as well as to a reduction in trade deficits in the Member States , is a fundamental aspect of this policy .
The area of cross-border infrastructure and relations in particular is where we are lagging a lot of ground .
The Commission expects a particular interest in the European Parliament 's communication on the proposed approach .
However , I would like to state very clearly that , while we do not give freedom of information to our allowances and expenses , citizens will see Parliament as an institution that preaches transparency , but does not apply it to itself .
And the need to restore our economy ?
For organised crime or for political and/or religious terrorism , is it a matter of urgency ?
As for some of the questions that you have asked to respond in detail , I believe it is better to give you an information exchange at expert level .
In this context , every effort must be made to ensure economic , social and territorial cohesion and gender equality .
The only way to defeat the loss of biodiversity is therefore through a radical change of our behaviour .
Freedom , equality and solidarity are not an privilege for the people , but a right of everyone , because human rights and civil rights are respected .
Barack Obama rightly saw an opportunity to return America back to the world stage .
One of the most important objectives of the programme is the modernisation of vocational education and higher education ( VET ) and higher education .
Could you not feed them on Wednesday 5 May instead of Thursday , 6 May ?
Regional policy , then , and in the future , is now the European most consistent framework for implementing these objectives .
Honourable Members , there are many explanations of vote , so we have to be extremely strict in terms of time .
If Poles are not to want Poles to be second quality citizens of the EU , the Charter of Fundamental Rights must be adopted in its entirety .
We are at least paying this , as is condemnation of the victims , victims and their families .
Finally , on the subject of climate change - once again , we can always be more ambitious .
I am pleased that the amendment tabled by my group has answered these questions .
Also , Mrs Ashton , too , here is Mr Tony Blair , who <UNK> the dictator .
Secondly , I would like to say that , in the course of the current multiannual financial framework and the new instruments , we have to look at the budget review and the added value of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund , and we should also examine the added value of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund and all the other instruments , particularly in terms of the impact of the national and European Union institutions .
However , some countries , even before the recession , have had high levels of sovereign debt , which was in breach of the Stability and Growth Pact .
I voted for this report because I believe that Europe must protect its wilderness and contribute to preserving its national parks .
I would ask you all to support this position - we need to win this vote .
Lastly , but not least in importance , what is said on the most brutal agreements .
As for solidarity , we are never fully prepared or we are getting with excellent plans .
I voted for the report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1083/2006 on the definition of common provisions for the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund as regards certain requirements and in respect of the provisions relating to financial management .
rapporteur . - ( DA ) Mr President , firstly , I would like to express my satisfaction at first point in view of the consensus that has been expressed in this House today , I hope that the Council will go ahead as well .
I am very concerned with the emerging scandals in Ukraine and trials of politicians who are charged in ways that are being instigated at times .
We should encourage and local authorities to do the same .
In 2002 , around 200 women were involved in microcredit and today , this figure is almost five times higher .
Thirdly , I would like to mention a question that is not directly linked to the agreements , but certainly it is certainly about the subject of the matter , in other words , the debate in the Council whether or in us , we need to develop a European PNR data .
It is also unclear what technology technology would be to replace the capacities of nuclear power plants .
I would like to take this opportunity to join other fellow Members for the Commissioner Dimas ' request for a ban on technology , <UNK> cyanide .
Madam President , first of all , I will say that , in comparison with this morning , there is a little peace and peace in this House !
( The President cut off the speaker )
Both agreements concluded - the readmission of persons residing without authorisation and the facilitation of visas - will be entirely in favour of achieving these objectives .
I am abstaining on the future of this report from the perspective of integrating into European policy .
I hope that its inclusion will not put into question the effectiveness of good legislation , which we adopted in Parliament , in other words , the directive on transplantation or the action plan , which was adopted almost unanimously .
The new mission in Somalia will once again not get to the core of the problem , but will only combat the symptoms .
The pay-as-you-go national schemes as well as the possibility of freeing , will , to a certain extent , slow modernisation process , but also , at the same time , to national economies , which depend on coal production , will be guaranteed an opportunity to introduce innovations , and it is reasonable in reasonable time .
I believe that now , more than ever , we need to invest in education , research , energy efficiency and , above all , in people .
In particular , I voted in favour of a large number of amendments that have been aimed at imposing greater responsibilities on transport companies in the event of loss or damage to luggage and especially in the event of injury damage or death for passengers .
Last but not least , I believe that the amendment highlights the responsibility of Member States to provide safe , high quality , high quality and accessible healthcare in their territory .
There are three areas : firstly , the most underdeveloped areas : firstly , the world .
To this end , I agree with the rapporteur 's belief that it will be crucial for the full participation of the European Parliament through the implementation of the obligations of the Treaty of Lisbon and its joint interpretation by Parliament and the Commission in the new framework agreement .
Even when Member States provide provisions for victims ' protection orders , the actions of the resulting measures stop at the issuing state .
The Member States must share their experience and involve in the process both the scientists and health professionals .
So I think that SMEs should remain a priority of sustainability , including sustainable employment .
We must leave the people to take this decision without further EU influence .
I can say , on behalf of the Commission , that we are looking forward to constructive cooperation with you , including , of course , on some of the most important international challenges that we are facing and the subject of today 's debate is certainly a matter of course .
Within cooperation , the Union must encourage the reforms aimed at modernising the public , political and legislative structures that will ensure the opening up of the country to the world will provide freedom of information to the public , promote media and invest in institutional capacity building organisations and organisations that are members of civil society .
In such cases , it may be justified to provide the public funding of projects with a funding for projects with a Member State or the EU .
Until now , air transport between EU Member States and Canada has only been regulated by bilateral agreements .
We are now learning that in a bank in a bankrupt that has been purchased in a bankrupt or has been absorbed by the EU 's state .
We can not create loopholes , although emissions trading in the EU is a striking example of how to do this !
We have a coalition of frustration ahead of us .
We want a strategy for Europe , which gives priority to the social and environmental needs of competition .
( PT ) In the light of what has been said , more words , than deeds .
I must point out that the 2002 directive envisaged for self-employed drivers to be covered by 23 March 2009 .
I also believe that we should combat protectionism and support free trade .
The weakness and practical shape of the strategy will also be strongly affected by the moment for action for a low-carbon economy by 2050 , which is due to be published at the beginning of next year .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( HU ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I am delighted that I can speak with you before the next European Council meeting , although the role of the Presidency-in-Office of the Presidency-in-Office is defined by the Treaty of Lisbon in such a way that preparation for the meetings of the European Council is , first and foremost , a responsibility of the permanent President of the permanent President .
These are damage , which will be felt for a long time , as some of the agricultural land will be the most suitable for several years .
The idea of micro-credit is based on a clear formula that today 's financial system does not provide sufficient resources for small and especially the smallest of small and medium-sized enterprises , in other words , that the system does not exist in the human capital of so-called vulnerable groups .
It is particularly important that fraud is one of the main causes of injustice in the EU , as they are the cause of unfair competition and a unbalanced market .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
At such a dramatic juncture , a permanent Europe is constantly coming up with a recommendation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30 % , for example - something that will be disastrous to the economies of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , including Poland .
Let us make this observation clear : European institutions and Member States must cooperate in achieving this objective .
I have received one motion for a resolution tabled in conclusion .
Therefore , agriculture must remain a priority area for the EU .
The costs , in close compliance with the amount of EUR 74 million in 2010 .
( NL ) Madam President , sometimes , there is a chance to go down new roads , including European policy .
The tangible contribution of Latvia to the eastern enlargement is mutual trust shown by our bilateral relations , whose roots lead to a shared period in history and a valuable attempt as a result of this confidence .
At the same time , we have to pay attention to the energy crisis .
The region is an integral part of the EU energy strategy , so this new strategy is an implementation of the growing energy strategy and will create synergies and continuity at European level .
We need , in future , not only in our work in connection with Yemen , to take into account not only the external needs , but also the internal needs .
If we try to work together to bring together and achieve these objectives , then we will actually achieve something significant in cooperation with our partners in favour of the region and in favour of ourselves .
Especially those who celebrate their Bulgarian ethnic origin are sometimes discriminated against .
You know that most Member States , including my own and many others , are practising forms of tax competition , which are very harmful to common European interests .
The main question is not whether we are willing to reduce unemployment or to increase the resources for innovation .
No , we have found ourselves to be generous , we have to change this .
( The sitting was closed at <UNK> )
The international community must do everything to ensure that the perpetrators of these crimes are not unpunished .
The Council later received a draft resolution from the European Community on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities .
However , as for any other instrument , it is very important for us to consider how to use it .
Mr President , during our debate here today , it seems that Alexander Lukashenko has proved to be <UNK> with plans to be held in office in Friday , with no international sphere , because the international community does not recognise the Italian elections as free , fair or transparent .
The Seoul Summit has given a new impetus to conclude the Doha Round and stressed the G20 's commitment to the fight against all forms of protectionism .
I voted in favour of the European Parliament motion for a resolution on the fight against female genital mutilation in the European Union .
In line with the policies that I advocate it is important to adopt a zero-based of zero-based at the beginning of a parliamentary term .
There can be no discrimination based on sexual orientation ( or any other basis ) in the European Union .
This is a guide for children , which recognises that early years of age , it is crucial for cognitive , sensory and physical development , and for educational development and broadcasting , and also constitutes the basis for learning throughout the whole lives .
We can combat criminal gangs through transnational cooperation between the EU - the ultimate goal , and the countries that are starting point for illegal criminal gangs .
However , when one of the fundamental principles of European democracy is at stake , I am not doing nothing .
Every peace is better than a conflict .
The auditors report on 2008 alone only <UNK> 10 % of the budget .
In sufficient concentrations , the death toll has erupted a few seconds or minutes .
The European Microfinance Facility was set up in March 2010 with the funding granted by the Commission and the Bank and the estimated EUR 200 million .
There are many elements in this report which show us where we are going to target .
The economic and financial crisis has hit European companies hard , not to mention the budget of the Member States .
The Commission believes that , in cases where the provisions of the directive are sufficiently clear , accurate and comprehensive , could be interpreted in direct applied provisions of regulation by means of the recast .
The second area I believe that should be of particular priority for us , is the development of reciprocal relations .
We are well aware that crises come to the crises come to the ground and help us build solid foundations for the future , which is why today , on 9 May , we are working on the present and we look to the future .
Moreover , the drafting of a conclusion that a moratorium must be required to focus on Europe as a centre of industry .
However , if not otherwise , we can say that there is a small positive element in everything , because we will have a small positive element in everything , because they will actually have the facility to reconsider and understand that they actually need support from outside .
I call on you to take a political decision to allow the introduction of the euro in the Baltic States .
This is reprehensible , unacceptable and scandalous .
Given that , I am , for instance , that some aspects of regional policy and cohesion policy must be reviewed .
However , from now on , we must ensure that the conditions of the European market for investors from third countries are the same as for investors from Member States , and that our energy concerns can compete on a common basis and invest freely outside the European Union .
For instance , there is a minimum wage tax throughout Europe , not necessarily at the same level , but simply to introduce a minimum wage .
We Europeans can make symbolic gestures and express our reserves against the poor government of Nepal .
Some of you have said that , if we pass on this directive , it will very few patients benefit from it and that this will be quite patient who will benefit from it .
A significant contribution has been made to specific issues , but we need to look at the broader European context to understand how important this is for which we are talking about .
You have done the implementation of provisions when necessary .
Contrary to the honourable Member 's assumption , this does not apply only to individual countries .
The presentation is closed .
Honourable Members , it is essential to emphasise the fact that the findings of the Court of Auditors are critical of the Commission 's observations , which is made by the European Parliament on the control of European funds , but at the same time , I hope the recommendations and proposals made by the European Parliament in the reports on discharge , which I really hope that the recommendations that have been made in the areas where we still have a high percentage irregularities .
Please take a look at the financial engineering that is one of the main tools for supporting small and medium-sized enterprises through the start-up , and now also through the start-up for micro-credit , that we began the process a very short time ago of crisis , so that policy was also relatively well prepared to have been relatively well prepared .
As Europeans , we are trying to ensure that all of us in Europe can freely practise their religion , which will allow them to follow their heart and conscience .
I will tell you who the three main reasons , which is why we have not achieved a positive DAS , although this was not the goal , although this was the objective set out at the beginning of the present Commission .
At this moment , the people of Pakistan , and more young minorities are being pressurised between the institutional nationalistic of the Pakistani Taliban and some religious , extremely destructive and <UNK> forces of the Taliban forces .
In other words , if people want a different foreign policy , there is no chance of changing the policy , because they have the opportunity to change the policy , because they have the opportunity to change only the Council , i.e . the Commission .
The implementation of the 2009 programme of Georgia 's economy still crucial to the further development of Georgia 's positive development , still arising from the point of view of national security and also in terms of national security .
I am proud that I am in touch with the Islamic Socialist Party of Sri Lanka , which is a <UNK> ' party of Ireland 's Party , and which <UNK> opposed the <UNK> , the undermine the rights of Tamils and the right of the Western autonomous religious community of self-determination .
The most important project in this regard is the Nabucco pipeline .
Commissioner , please stop hiding behind the quick decisions and take this into account what is really happening now !
How can we achieve the impossible and avoid the <UNK> ' <UNK> ' , the chief scientific adviser of the UK , John <UNK> , John <UNK> , John <UNK> , who in 2009 , expects us a perfect storm , because all these things move on to the same timetable .
However , in order to accept free competition , our citizens want and we must make sure that rules are the same for everyone .
Today , this young <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> - who was previously called a <UNK> ' from Mr <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , shares the most important office in my country .
There are other methods to achieve an impact that are probably more effective than a more effective <UNK> .
I therefore hope the important issues for coordinating financial services , particularly now , when some countries indicate the first signs of falling from this period of growth , should be the main subject of the discussions and not the most straightforward focus on bankers ' bonuses .
The reforms in the regulatory field that the country is making are encouraged by trade .
It is the European Union that has the greatest experience in the field of work and in the area of specialised territory , which should play an important role in the region .
Obviously , diplomacy of the <UNK> , on which I focused on two weeks ago , does not give the desired results until two weeks ago .
( PT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , there is no point in reconciling at the same time ( and not at a positive point ) , three <UNK> questions on health , culture and the economy .
Even today , we see that there are too many cases in Europe in the past , there are many cases of premature death that caused by poor air quality .
It is growing because the regime is being afraid of the collapse of the revolution from the Middle East and North Africa .
Therefore , in order to encourage good intentions , I abstained .
The report presented us with the harsh fact that even the crisis will not help us to implement this role better .
According to information provided by the Court of Auditors ' information for the financial year 2009 , reliable and related operations are legal and regular .
This is also a growing role for increasing numbers of accidents .
We can also add the national interests of individual Member States .
I well know that Russia and China are against sanctions , but the European Union must make every effort to convince these forces to persuade those forces to be an alternative to sending the army to the army .
From this point of view , it is essential to ensure genuine cohesion policy coherence , directly affecting developed countries such as development aid , fisheries , the environment , agriculture , agriculture , climate change , investment and finance , in order to reduce poverty and guarantee decent incomes and residents of LDCs .
The truth is that you are once again attempting to suppress the fact that this project is not working .
Some Member States have already taken this step , and I hope they will be followed by other Member States and also by the European Union as an institution .
We have a directive which deals solely with women , because they can only give life and they can only be able to live and to kill the sad .
Firstly , the status quo is no longer realistic option , as NATO power forces one another after another , but we still do not know whether the country can guarantee its own security .
It is true that the Belarusian political activists and independent experts say that the regime has not changed fundamentally , but only cosmetic changes have been made .
I would like to emphasise that I support transparency and public access to documents .
Your report will certainly make a significant contribution to our internal discussions , and I can assure you that we will be able to examine many of the suggestions that it contains .
In the same way , if organ donation donations in the European Union reach the rates in the Nordic countries , the UK and the Netherlands , it will release another 2 000 people from the need to end up <UNK> every day .
I believe that these EUR 100 million certainly should not be taken from 'Progress ' programme , as it has the same objectives as the new mechanism must be fully separate , have a different budget and guarantee the release of many more resources .
We should urgently send out coordinated aid , but this should be done without losing the way of neo-colonialism .
We must stop pouring the money of taxpayers ' money for speculative banks and countries that are managing their economy .
We already experience as a result of European law enforcement , as the European Union will not allow us to grant NGOs away from VAT to VAT .
One thing is clear : at the moment , there is no good thing at the moment , and I agree with previous speakers that there seems to be a serious political battle against who exactly is responsible for the developing situation .
( NL ) Mr President , I would like to draw your attention to the invitation of Mr Van Rompuy to the next Council meeting .
This will include sharing the resources available and information between the countries of the region and the coordination of their actions .
The most important requirements are the activities of the European Investment Bank to be even more transparent to the European Parliament and the financial instruments it provides to be used to make it even more active .
Mr President , I welcome the opportunity to speak on a subject that is close to my heart .
( Applause )
South Sudan should become a prime target of the European Union in the field of humanitarian development .
You use the wrong instruments , because you make money from taxpayers to refinance the banks and those who speculate with banks and other financial products .
There are many other issues that will continue to be discussed , and I am looking forward to these debates .
in writing . - ( PT ) The data collection and publication of data , which has become possible through this report , should be judged on dignity , because this report gives us the opportunity to build a realistic view of the situation at the moment , which is quite frankly recognised as the report rightly admits .
I emphasise my hope that parliamentary cooperation will continue to play an important role in this process .
We must be more concerned if we are to fulfil this in the light of the solidarity of third countries .
author . - ( ES ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mexico has a major problem with drug trafficking and violence in relation to drugs .
I will take advantage of my successor to chair of the Joint Parliamentary Committee , <UNK> to convince him to not to stand up in a position later this year ago , to know exactly what the two sides of the Republic of the Yugoslav Republic of the Republic of States are being in a position .
( Applause )
It is of great importance that a more modern legislative environment , without unjustified bureaucratic burden .
Energy efficiency is without doubt one of the key issues in our fight to protect the environment .
This will impose regulation on rating agencies .
We must make sure that there are mechanisms to emerge and that , as soon as possible , we will return to normal market conditions .
In this context , I would like to say that many of the problems in Europe could be resolved through an effective compulsory compulsory level of education for all residents living in a country .
You have taken a positive step behind me , but only a fine that somebody is watching it , it is alive and raped .
in writing . - ( EL ) Climate change is a result of the irresponsible exploitation of the natural resources of capital , because of profit .
I intend to make sure that the Commission will be forced to table a proposal to improve the situation in terms of violence against women .
The new fundamental treaty must include a real division of powers , indeed an independent judiciary of European communities , which will deal with issues relating to subsidiarity , full transparency and saving and , most importantly , obligatory referendums .
You have asked the head and you are a chapter !
It is clear that the serious contamination of ships must be classified and <UNK> as a criminal offence , and the pollution of ships may be considered as administrative offence , so a distinguish between the burden of both types of activity .
( ET ) Ladies and gentlemen , democracy is based on transparency and openness .
It is not clear whether or when we can expect a proper proposal from the Commission .
Our group is abstaining because our most important amendments were rejected , namely Amendment 8 , that the transfer of data should be subject to the courts to be subject to a request from the courts , and Amendment 9 , demanding that the Agreement on mutual judicial assistance ( <UNK> ) be used ( <UNK> ) .
However , I believe that this is a time for money , because it is only a one-off of money that is required to change in the negative attitude of European citizens to help Haiti reconstruction .
The Green Paper on consumer protection offers a variety of ways of dealing with this problem .
The solution is obvious .
Through our work and the reports in the respective committees , in particular committees , in particular , already gave their excellent input into discussions organised by the operational group .
( FR ) Mr President , the Conference of Presidents has been a debate on Wednesday afternoons on the proposal by the Italian Government and the French Government on temporary scrapping from the Schengen Agreements .
It is gratifying that two years after the protests , we do not know exactly how many people have taken part of the Communist Party have taken place .
It is also positive that there is a need for a further toll in mountain areas .
Among the operators , it is well known that the <UNK> is one of the most insidious of all chemical substances .
Recent experience shows that people-trafficking trafficking and , in particular , human trafficking is reaching alarming proportions both within the European Union and beyond .
I congratulate the Agency for the significant progress made in this regard .
However , as evidence suggests , this is not enough .
The President of the country has already issued a veto of such proposals twice .
They are cooperating directly in order to find solutions to the problems identified by citizens and businesses .
Perhaps because it does not recognise the risks or because it is not the case , not least in terms of its consequences - to report such as future OLAF - to report such injuries .
The report calls on the Commission to adopt a clear regulation on social responsibility in the whole production process .
It leads to a better profile of the knowledge-based economy , which develops , and to a deepening of <UNK> .
A large part of this has been achieved in recent years , for example , in the area of medicine for children , a matter that the public even does not understand that it is problematic , but for which there is no solution to be found on a European scale , because the Member States can not decide it individually .
However , the images of the High North is relatively <UNK> and therefore it is extremely sensitive .
I should not make any principle of permanent demands .
Today , as I said , I will attend the Council of Agriculture Ministers .
Therefore , the objective of this proposal can not be restricted to harmonisation of European legislation , but should also promote health by improving awareness of health issues .
Sadly , we have not been able to renew the mandate of an independent Republic of Congo for Congo .
In particular , the financial impacts are being ignored for financial reasons and the collapse of maintenance is being made of the maintenance .
We should not create a status for these children , under which they do not get education and are isolated in ghettos simply because their parents are leaving illegal .
The current financial meltdown are related to the current financial collapse , but to claim that the aviation crisis is largely due to it , it would be a mistake .
It will make a significant contribution to achieving minimum international standards that ensure better working conditions , more safety and fewer fatalities throughout the world , but a strategic sector .
Colleagues , would you have liked to clarify ?
However , it must be backed up by clear regulations .
On behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left once again - I would like once again to state clearly that we will not support this .
The most serious economic growth in Asian countries is causing serious violations of fundamental rights and human rights .
I would like to emphasise the request for the Commission to present a report on assessing the level of environmental contamination and the biological situation of the Gulf of Mexico , and to formulate the EU 's capabilities to respond promptly to maritime installations to maritime drilling and to prepare a European action plan in cooperation with Member States .
Are you going to the Lithuanian President , Ms <UNK> , not as a <UNK> of confidence in the regime ?
In this context , the enlargement of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) and the ESF 's resource are aimed at responding to a number of exceptional cases in the social and economic field where it is necessary to provide assistance .
I know that the Treaty on non-proliferation contains also civil elements , but today we are not talking about renewal of nuclear energy for civil purposes , we are talking about nuclear disarmament .
We have also dealt with them with and with the Czech authorities to ensure that this dialogue , its constructive spirit and the opportunity to reach a solution .
The EU 's actions are intended to address the problems of the crisis and to restore stability in Member States once again .
in writing . - Although I strongly support the idea of extending copyright , this proposal has become obsolete for the purpose of the aim .
As has been said here , this law must be properly implemented and I am very much in favour of the proposal for the conduct of the Member States .
I do not depend on saying that , but let us say in a very neutral way that what has been said this evening is not necessarily logical in what was said a previous one .
It will also be pointed out in the management board how the Cohesion Funds can be used to help businesses to develop innovative applications in ICT in order to promote towns and support cities and mines to use ICT to reduce emissions .
The implementation of renewable energy targets requires a greater degree of combination , more heat and , above all , interconnections , to manage correctly .
The protracted conflict , of course , took many lives and has caused the existence of internal refugees in the country , causing problems to the economy and compliance with the rule of law .
It is therefore vital that our governments play a leading role in promoting the other countries , such as the United States and China , come to an agreement .
Thank you .
( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , many women in Europe and throughout the world are fighting for an end to violence against them , but they can not and should not lead alone to fight violence because acts of violence against women who are mainly men acts committed to violence against women who have been committed to all the homeless .
I am also pleased that this ceremony is taking place here in the European Parliament - the emancipation of democracy for all European citizens .
In my opinion , personal issues of people whose judicial proceedings are even further in progress .
The European Structural Funds , which have been mentioned by many of my fellow Members , are another cause for concern .
The right of every individual to adhere to religious beliefs or even if there are no such thing as a protected and <UNK> by everyone .
It is vital for Moldova to continue with the implementation of the European Neighbourhood Policy Action Plan ( ENP ) and with the reforms that are made in the <UNK> Moldova document .
More than 30 % is secondary , secondary level of education , but yet they do not find work because the qualifications that they have acquired are not in line with the needs of the market .
( NL ) Madam President , today we are taking an important foundation for the development of the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument for Partnership and Partnership .
This allows them to receive funding in relative terms .
While we can already talk today about improvement in the economic and financial crisis in some EU Member States , we must consider that , for developing countries , the crisis of all its painful consequences is still in their midst .
The Arab culture is <UNK> .
Membership of committees and delegations : see Minutes
We must start the partnership for energy and transport , together with the partnership for the environment .
They are exploited and <UNK> .
I myself have done an outrage in Auschwitz with my children and , I am well aware of what I am talking about .
Mercosur is a huge and dynamic economy with a total of EUR 300 billion and an expected growth of GDP around 5 % in 2010 and 4 % in 2011 .
The figures of the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) are quite clear : female genital mutilation is rife practice in 28 African countries , in the Middle East and in some countries in Asia .
These are very specific examples which enable the Croatian authorities to show goodwill and a willingness to carry out a genuine dialogue .
This should be compared to our obligation to achieve maximum sustainable yield by 2015 .
The CAP reform should be revised in the context of the economic crisis and the fight against climate change , and the preservation of its competitiveness in the world .
So we should not delude ourselves , that by formulate some kind of policy , we will be able to resolve problems that other policies can not resolve .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , after the New York Times in the United States , an independent audit of nine banks - one of which is a European , whose executive directors are meeting every Wednesday - one of which is on the waiting for the derivatives .
<UNK> healthcare , of course , are long possible for everyone who can pay for them , but something must also be done for those who can not pay for the inconvenience .
First , on values .
The Commission is mainly concerned at cutting the size of the fleet and , at the same time , does not pay attention to the fact that the European market is being imported from the Far East , such as <UNK> fish .
The Treaty of Lisbon provides the EU with new prerogatives , confirms the development of its international capacities and introduces new instruments .
The most productive investments are certainly not a cure , which were announced in Central and Eastern Europe , for example , during the economic transition .
This information is important in assessing the health and safety of working conditions in the Union and for the best practice of Europe in this area .
Finally , what is reflected in Paragraph 31 points on readmission agreements with third countries does not reflect the view of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) on this issue .
( EL ) Madam President , Commissioner , simply a formality at the moment to emphasise that the Black Sea is a region of strategic importance for the European Union .
In view of the above five years , and what you have presented to us so far is not what you have presented to us until now , but what we have before us at the moment - I can say you are certainly one thing with us : you have no support for my group .
In this regard , I would like to emphasise that the main objective of cohesion policy is the separation of the regional economies by encouraging productive capacity .
Unfortunately , the negotiations that are now going to be held with the Council will hardly alter this objective in the EU , where the good of the Union as a whole is unable to withstand the pressure of national egotism .
Yes , Basel needs to think about the creation of networks for small banks that support each other , and does so .
Economic growth and prosperity have been achieved with oil , coal and gas , so the transition to other sources will not be made overnight .
These agreements are therefore a small one , but a positive step in the right direction .
I believe that we should take advantage of the moment to reach a swift agreement .
With the growth of the <UNK> in recent years , the search for new ways of a individual expression or even changing demographic trends , civil participation has been experiencing significant changes .
It is more important to be stricter .
We therefore believe that credit facilities and Eurobonds must be made available , huge amounts of money must be invested in associated with ecology , in the Black Sea industry , as well as a plan for safeguarding the affected by restructuring and societal protection plan , to mention the way to support the unemployed , such as , for example , the scope of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
Will the selection procedure of senior staff provide independence from the influence of large companies , both during the selection process and in terms of the choice of the chosen senior senior executive ;
Here again , and again , we hear about exchange of best practice between Member States .
Parliament urges the negotiating of the situation and inform the Court of Auditors of the measures taken .
It will give an annual financial contribution to each programme and will attend the meetings of the Committee on Budgets as an observer for Switzerland .
Obviously , this hypocritical approach can not continue with the fact that , on the one hand , we impose limits on our farmers on traceability in relation to health and safety , by <UNK> with the protection of consumers , and , on the other , allowing us to avoid products that do not manage to cover these requirements freely on our continent .
Moreover , it seems that budget support almost is not used in the health sector in sub-Saharan Africa .
Nevertheless , we have recently received a number of information , we have heard that some companies are working on this to <UNK> ' more than animals .
Will we carry out an international investigation into these cases ?
This improvement should be carried out during the next summit , which will take place on 18 May in Madrid and during which the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy of the European Commission must actively participate .
The charger must automatically be <UNK> with the telephone , and this often leads to a strong understanding among consumers .
At its meeting of the March 2010 session .
Why ?
The European Union must press compliance with the provisions of consumer protection so that European citizens are not faced with the risk of buying products that are dangerous to the health , commodities or fake products .
That , as I said , is an interim agreement ; it can and will be a strong one .
This is a long-standing zone .
All of us in this House have played a role in what we can call 'the <UNK> of trust in citizens ' .
Above all , it will see what the <UNK> ' of the <UNK> ' <UNK> ' once said , when people vote , they do not understand their true interest , and we need to impose a better system .
Do you think that we should now continue with the adoption of more stringent measures or do you rather believe that the best way of negotiating with the Iranian regime ?
I believe that achieving this transatlantic market , for example , is one of the best responses that we can give .
We all facilitated arguments in favour of this horizontal directive , but there are differences between us and , occasionally , also in terms of specific substance .
In this regard , I am obliged to express regret that the recent attacks on the conduct of a tripartite tripartite march in Barcelona and I call on the Spanish Government and the European institutions to combat the destructive atmosphere that you have failed resoundingly .
Membership of committees and delegations : see Minutes
The current system of names and the begging has been working hypotheses .
Women will certainly stand up for their position .
In the resolution of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , we have stressed that we want stress tests to become mandatory for Member States and to allow independent experts to manage the implementation of the tests as well as that the tests must be transparent .
Let me make two general remarks .
It should also be emphasised in the report on the eligibility of investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy sources in housing .
( ES ) Mr President , as you know , in Niger - one of the main countries in the Sahel region - at the end of this month , presidential and parliamentary elections are taking place at the end of this month .
With Iceland , it can be the same , but it is very difficult to set a timetable for other countries that are not so well prepared .
However , I would like to remind the President-in-Office of the Council that in the summer of 2008 , the Doha Round was on track , but it has not been able to enter into agreement , as some countries in the arms grouping , Russia and China wanted to make no concessions .
I certainly want to continue discussing this agreement with Parliament and the INTA Committee , all the more so as to continue to make these talks already further .
I therefore voted in favour of this resolution .
Of course , the Arctic Council itself is a organisation of an optional legal nature without a fixed budget or staff .
Now some communications : in relation to the signing of legislative acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure .
The region I come from , which I come from , <UNK> Austria , has been able to rescue a type that is now spreading in a broad area - somewhat somewhat for the <UNK> of rural and forest workers whose sentiment to be quite different .
And let this situation not come into a mere nice example of <UNK> .
It should be a huge infrastructure , whether an energy system in the North Sea or , on a smaller scale , car toll charging plants .
Indeed , true nuclear energy is the one that does not exist .
I hope that these reactions , which are in line with the repeated tragedy , will put a precedent on other occasions of severe violations of human rights in the European Union will also be able to act as quickly as possible .
Membership of committees : see Minutes
This means that not only will we have to observe the letter of the law , but will also have to respect the European Union 's position .
It has not fulfilled the requirement for the maintenance of sexual and reproductive health in its projects .
Media law in Hungary ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
This is clearly unacceptable .
The Court of Auditors judged that the Agency 's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular .
I welcome your comments on the European Research Area .
I do not wish to put pressure on doctors to become <UNK> and to make them mobile .
The only negative element of this report is perhaps the fact that it provides only the three working languages - English , and German - with languages , of which the request should be presented , apart from the original language .
The potential of this cooperation , including a budget of EUR 15 million , for the programme of EUR 15 million , will increase consumer choice and will put more and varied in cultural terms on the European and international market .
It is very important , as honourable Members have said , that we continue to consider how we negotiate agreements and instruments that we have in place to do so and to ensure that the instruments are managed to be managed upon when necessary .
However , development must not merely mean aid for these European regions , which already achieve results above the average level .
I believe that practice is discriminatory to these women and girls .
Furthermore , the Hungarian Government is planning to improve the energy efficiency of the largest public sector with 60 % through modernising public institutions ( including the registration of public institutions , including the <UNK> and modernisation of energy-efficiency and residential heating systems ) , based on the energy efficiency of buildings and climate protection systems .
This year , Brazil will mark another stage in its origins as an economic and political giant if , in the country , presidential elections and President <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , and the President <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> in her two months ' time .
Work on these issues is , in our opinion , a priority in the light of the economic crisis in which the Member States are , and at a time when austerity measures are imposing an ever-increasing burden on the smallest the smallest of austerity on the smallest of the smallest .
I believe that the CAP should propose immediate solutions to the impact that the economic crisis has on agricultural businesses , such as the lack of access to credit for farmers , such as the lack of access to agricultural subsidies and increasing unemployment in rural areas .
However , Kosovo reveals the true face of a policy that focuses on Europe 's <UNK> .
We need to assess them highly .
I welcome the fact that Parliament has made every effort to make the legislative initiative as efficiently as possible and useful for the citizens of the EU , because in reality they will use it .
One service can not control the other .
As for Pakistan , our principal concern and the primary interest for us , it is for Pakistan to be a stable democracy , free from terror and capable of participating together with its neighbours in the protection of common threats .
We must express our concern over the ever increasing death penalty for the use of Iran , which could lead to the shocking conclusion that the authorities of power in Iran are considered to be a punishment of complicity in Iran .
What is social has that ?
Russia has changed in the election campaign that is going to be there .
It is absolutely essential that the legitimate demands of the social groups in the disadvantaged should be recognised by all the parties involved in government .
The EU 's Generalised System of Preferences ( GSP ) is one of the instruments that enables developing countries to compete on international markets by means of the imposition or of reduced customs duties , or of a zero export fee for their exports to the EU market .
Some painful progressives have tried to use the economic recession as an excuse to shift away from the necessary commitments to climate change .
Support from local authorities and citizens is extremely useful , highlighting that the internal dialogue is workable and effective at all levels , so the Danube strategy is a strategy for European citizens .
I believe that car makers obviously have good economic sector in Europe .
The economic crisis has also had an effect .
Let me be very clear : there is no alternative , but we will continue to help to strengthen the democratic forces of civil society in Pakistan .
Regarding commitments , this is even a reduction in budget headings .
In addition , European Union programmes for humanitarian aid provide for humanitarian aid in areas of supply and food .
Research in <UNK> covers a wide range of areas , ranging from the <UNK> to rough or clothing , and will be important for the overall definition of CO2 standards in future .
We in the European Parliament must support this .
I hope that we will indeed manage to remove the weaknesses of the existing measures , which have led to a lack of transparency and coordination between countries and to unjustified delays in the process of collecting claims .
As a result , I think we need to make more effort to reduce the risk of disasters and to provide support for communities ' capabilities in terms of preparation for disasters .
On the other hand , we need to combat illegal migration more effectively .
The terrorists behind the attacks are attempting to provoke a conflict between East and the West , the Muslim world against the Christian world .
The most productive industries are an important part of economic policy .
However , the principle of not paying for organs will not prevent living donors from being compensated , given that this compensation is reduced to cover only to cover expenditure and the resulting result of donation .
It is important to show them clearly the conflict and the two camps .
It is therefore not logical to oppose the aid we are discussing .
We are also participating on the agenda of the G20 Summit in Seoul .
It will enable the free movement of patients and will allow patients to have access to services of better quality and , at the right time , to the right time .
Moreover , the report recommends that the financial provisions should place greater responsibility in terms of the issue of the global issue .
In the 2009 annual report on human rights , which was adopted recently , I emphasise the need for the Union to play an active role in improving human rights and democracy worldwide .
I wish you all the best .
The main aim of the new protocol is to identify the fishing opportunities offered to EU fishing vessels in terms of rights and support for the sector and to continue cooperation between the EU and the Comoros , strengthening the framework for a partnership framework in which a policy of sustainable fisheries and responsible use in the fishing area of the Comoros in the Comoros of the Comoros of the Comoros in the Comoros of the Comoros of the Comoros area .
I am pointing this out because it is also important in the context of our debate today .
The European answer to the crisis in the real economy , the crisis among businesses and industry is focused on jobs .
I also agree with those who say that there are many incredible things in this sector in particular , and there is a lot of injustice .
We have many commissioners , but as has been said , you are certainly the number one number one commissioners with us .
There is no excuse to crime , irrespective of where it is committed , in the real or in the globalised world , but of course , much more easily is to combat crime in the real world , because we have tools that allow us to intervene directly .
( ES ) First of all , I would like to express my condolences and express my sympathy to the people of Haiti , affected so badly by this catastrophe .
When it comes to disabled people , our political differences are in keeping with the ultimate aim , namely to provide higher quality of life and work .
Such problems should be resolved by national democratic mechanisms and procedures of the Italian Republic .
I welcome what Catherine Ashton has said today is necessary from Catherine Ashton and my group that we need to maintain an open multilateralism and address civil society and support for it .
I believe that we absolutely essential to support dialogue between both leaders and communities who is currently underway to take full advantage of the chance of achieving a comprehensive agreement - and , of course , we expect Turkey to contribute to a favourable political climate for achieving such an agreement .
In my own group on urban housing , I have the honour of being a chairman , we have inherited urban development in the last few years : for ten years , urban development has been the most symbol of Luxembourg three years .
However , overall , I believe the work of the agencies for a positive one .
- Before the vote
I will also mention the protection of the internationally maritime maritime navigation corridor in the Gulf of Aden .
My fellow Members and I have met many of the people affected by the Sahrawi people , civil society , the families of the people who have been imprisoned and the general public .
I agree with you , Commissioner , that , in comparison with the United States , we can talk positively about what we have done in our <UNK> with regard to structural reforms that they could not have done even in the last financial bill , particularly in the area of insurance , and that we can show this in Washington where we need .
Each country must be assessed on the basis of its capabilities , and the pace of the process must be regulated by them .
Now the figure is a <UNK> of <UNK> .
Calendar of part-sessions for 2010 : see Minutes
The Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Mauritius foresees visa-free travel to the territory of the other contracting party for a maximum period of three months .
Otherwise , it will continue to be a sum of national actors , each of which persecute their own national interests , and thus it will be vulnerable in terms of the testing of the <UNK> and <UNK> ' of unscrupulous suppliers .
Parliament has asked several times to have been called for the funding of security charges , but without success .
I believe that the framework agreement can be an opportunity to strengthen political dialogue between Libya and the European Union .
The area is huge and we can see that money that is available to your disposal is not sufficient .
( GA ) Mr President , there is a simple proverb to make : the sooner you have heard , the opinions of the day .
I believe that it is also important for governments , not only in Europe , but also in our partners in the world , to understand very well how important they are , too , to take their priorities into the <UNK> of things that we are discussing today in Parliament .
That is precisely why we are trying to bring to the debate today 's <UNK> and somewhat neglected issue of the Roma people .
First , on the eurozone , some Members have raised questions concerning the euro area and some current problems that we are facing in the euro area Member States .
The situation is critical and there is no fast situation .
It is vital that agriculture and the CAP are viewed as part of the solution to achieve these objectives , not as part of the problem .
Madam President , you are supposed to take a comment on this topic under the catch-the-eye procedure .
The ultimate aim is to create a Euro-Latin space for a global interregional partnership in political , economic , commercial , commercial and cultural spheres , in order to ensure sustainable development for both regions .
It is hard to understand the position of the Liberal liberals who , with the current resolution , call for regulation of the media at European level , while the European media and European media representatives believe that this proposal , in particular , is a restriction of media freedom and violations of subsidiarity .
At the same time , the best available techniques and the most energy-efficient documents will play a bigger role , and industry will have more flexibility to make the necessary investments .
However , I would like to emphasise clearly that this should not be considered to be considered by our election of the results of the election , of the arrests and repression of the people with different mindset .
Why ?
<UNK> from the <UNK> of <UNK> <UNK> , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> !
I wonder : this is the European perspective that Mr Barroso spoke about at the beginning of Mr Barroso , but he is not here to explain .
Are you prepared to make public aware of our group meetings and conversations in writing not in writing on the issue of Opel in Germany on 27 September ?
The European Commission must increase the budgetary resources for the ESF in order to provide adequate resources for improving education and training , improve access to the labour market and combat unemployment , improve access to the labour market and the creation of social inclusion and employment in the 'Youth on the Move initiative for the fight against social inclusion and the most vulnerable people , especially women , including those who are faced with risky and precarious contracts .
If we want to achieve these objectives , we need to make use of the opportunities now .
In this emergency , we are convinced that all of them must be encouraged and supported in innovative ideas , in new technologies and in innovation .
We must take this opportunity .
I am certainly interested in you - and I am not interested in one temporarily off the fire off .
In this respect , the contribution of the Member States must be the most significant contributions of the national product .
I also believe that the adoption of a five-year strategy is progress in terms of its actions and improvement in future work .
That is the reason for repeated discussions .
With regard to the energy and climate change crisis , what is the Council 's reaction ?
Commissioner , we will give you support to the setting up of this fund .
That is why it is so important for action on <UNK> .
With this that we voted against the amendments tabled and our delegation , which proposed a limit for the limit of CO2 emissions from new large power stations , Parliament has shown that it is addressed lightly to issues relating to a reduction in emissions of greenhouse gas emissions .
The rule of law is of paramount importance to relations between Brazil and the EU .
It is gratifying that the European Union will go to a common , realistic and sustainable proposal in Cancún , because an agreement that delivers real , tangible results , always and , in any event , it is preferable to mark real , tangible results , always in any event , to make the promises of failure to failure to fail and make efforts by governments on important environmental issues even less confidence , which would be particularly difficult to remedy .
Very briefly , because it has been mentioned as an important element - we are fully aware - as I see in our travel - that both in our travel and in our cities play a fundamental role in the cultural sector in Europe .
The European Parliament has presented a strong resolution which offers targeted visa and economic sanctions against the Lukashenko regime .
We must tackle homophobia here in the European Parliament , as well as in our national parliaments .
At the same time , I can imagine what will include .
The frequency of this new procedure in the context of the non-binding provisions was a new experience for all of us , and mainly for me , if I may be more supportive .
We are celebrating the vote of nearly the seven million Italian women who suffer violence every year .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to say a few words about the importance of the third maritime safety package , which is a new and equally important outcome of cooperation between the Council and the European Parliament .
It is very closely linked to the ageing of Europe 's population and increasing its growth in Europe , and it is beginning to see a <UNK> epidemic .
These strategies allow the affected regions and countries to respond jointly to the existing problems and jointly to make use of existing opportunities .
I would therefore like to make it clear that I had to produce this report in a highly sensitive area , with constant regard to the risks of health waves of these waves , with a constant rise in the health risk and the inability of the scientific community to reach agreement on this issue .
It is also important to take account of demographic change .
This is a brazen end to the <UNK> that goes down in the direction of England to Scotland .
We need a mechanism to bring about the change that everyone recognises .
After February , the European Parliament , which has firmly implemented its new powers , has been able to make significant progress and obtain additional guarantees : the <UNK> from our <UNK> ' party , regular reviews of the agreement , after six months , a report on progress after three months , a report on progress after three months , a report on the progress of data transfers and adjustments , the possibility of blocking the transfer of some data , control by European data in the United States of data and so on .
I have signed a compromise that we are dealing with , although it lacks a <UNK> and the determination I would like to see .
After all , true democracy means that .
Aid to Yemen can not be considered separately by issues relating to security .
The Commission has repeatedly made a call to take into account the interests of social services and vulnerable groups .
Our fishermen are forced to eat less fish , but demand is increasing and along with it , imports from third countries .
As representatives of the European Investment Bank have arrived at later and could not be listened to my first speech , I would like to draw attention to this that they are already in place a codecision procedure , and that the European Parliament has not played a part , as it has so far been a rather challenging role in terms of matters related to the European Investment Bank .
Madam President , Commissioner , you have supported us in this initiative , which we - the Members of the European Parliament plan to take this matter .
Europe 's strength lies in its joint efforts , whether we are talking about a humanitarian or intergovernmental method .
I hope we will return to a strong democratic policy , which has only recently been broken recently .
We should prepare a programme for visits , meetings and even material support for victims , but victims themselves are the victims of this dreadful persecution , who would be better in favour of their cause than we could have been able to do so .
Our support for this week should clarify three issues .
Community rules on the free movement of capital are also questioned as the so-called most important countries are therefore striving for the return of capital to their citizens .
The programme also strengthens cooperation between Spain and Colombia for the development of <UNK> migration .
They can also contribute to the use of personal qualities and qualifications in a successful business .
That hopes the European public and we hope that the results will also make it better for the challenges that we all need to face .
Both the draft agreement with the Principality of Liechtenstein and the draft mandate is still pending approval by the Council , because some Member States have political reservations and related documents with the revision of the EU 's savings directive .
If this is a game or a <UNK> , you can say , but , as always happens , usual .
Subject : Domestic cooperation
We are aware of how difficult it is for the Commission and the Council to collect these data , because there are Member States that are not prepared to provide them with a willingness to provide them , perhaps because they have not been carried out studies on the consequences of improving the quality of the procedures for refugee status and refugee status .
However , negotiations with the country and the agreement must be concluded .
We should strongly put an end to the deadlock that so often , the holders of long-stay visas from type of asylum seekers .
I also agree with the report in the report that a European strategy for these diseases must protect services that support universal and widespread comprehensive practice in geographical terms access to the system .
Innovation can also help to solve synergies between budgetary discipline and politics aimed at promoting growth .
In this sense , the establishment of a common EU foreign policy is particularly important , so the challenge facing Baroness Ashton in this area is even higher .
As Vice-Chair , I have the right to decide whether we hold a roll vote or not .
Rather , I think that the Commission has done a good job and presented ambitious proposals .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , according to the report , the Commission should be a successful competition policy .
That is why we in the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in this House have supported the amendments that meet our position .
That is something that happened in Austria until the summer , and the situation has improved somewhat .
The EU budget for 2010 provides significant sums of money for the commitments made in the Economic Recovery Plan , such as energy networks ( 1 <UNK> million ) , the European Network of <UNK> ( EUR <UNK> million ) and CCS in geological areas ( <UNK> million ) and storage and storage of carbon dioxide in geological fields ( <UNK> million ) .
By taking into account its own responsibility , Europe has signalled its contribution to increasing this funding .
( FR ) No , this is not right .
However , Member States have differing views on the issue of whether nuclear energy can play a role in reducing CO2 emissions .
Climate protection is an important goal but the climate slowness of a climate conference in Copenhagen is not a sufficiently outrageous and does not reflect the scientific evidence .
The genetic written in the country of residence is being kept in the country of residence , and the requirement for a <UNK> <UNK> ' with ten years of practice , without any break .
It is therefore very important to develop targeted and intelligent sanctions , including individuals .
Instead of pushing for more laws in the area of immigration and migration , we must make legislation that we already have , to do better and harder for all citizens of the Union .
After the declarations of the G20 , citizens expect results and a reliable European Union .
There are currently hundreds of offshore oil platforms to be oil exploration and natural gas .
He has been <UNK> since the end of June 2008 and revealing serious cases of corruption involving EU funds .
Within the framework of the review conference on the review that will take place in 2010 , the Council intends to present a revised and <UNK> common position .
All of this are initiatives that call for many people in Europe .
Moreover , although these speeches were made by my political opponents , the statement in question did not contravene the provisions of the law , and this is an extremely laudable decision , as the Supreme Court overturned a court questioned by the Supreme Court itself , and at the same time , it felt what it was very diametrically opposed to this case , which is very frankly happening in France .
Securing a balance between freedom , privacy and the need for Internet security constitutes a real challenge for all of us .
It is not a decision that young citizens of 16 years may be involved in the initiative , and this depends on the national electoral law .
The debate is closed .
Mr President , I would first like to apologise for the fact that I did not attend to the start of the debate , but I have just listened to Brussels to a plane , but you have just listened to you were further on the agenda of what is very good , but why I am a bit .
And what did you get from gratitude ?
Lastly , oil companies are working on an increasing depth , which makes the intervention of a very difficult event in the event of an accident and puts the marine environment at risk .
What I would like to know is : what has happened to your public protest ?
I would like to quote the word <UNK> ' before ' a decision , so as to read out : 'It regret that the initial decision of the government does not attend to the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony on 10 December in Oslo ; it is , on the other hand , the initiative by the Ombudsman to attend the ceremony as responsible and a brave solution ' .
I would like to mention , however , two aspects .
In many cases , it goes further .
Moreover , I would like to say a few words about the initiative of <UNK> ' , which is just one example of finding a concrete solution to the implementation of the ENPI in countries such as Armenia , Azerbaijan , Moldova , Ukraine or Belarus .
Before the vote :
Data on religious freedom show that the majority of acts of religious violence against religious violence are against Christians .
It is not just to attempt to safeguard the principle of non-discrimination throughout the entire procedure of handling data , but also to establish a European body that has the capacity to obtain and supervise the requests from the United States .
How freedom can freedom without rights ?
First , I would like to thank you .
The European Union must encourage Libya to adopt legal and social decisions which improve the living conditions of approximately two million immigrants - almost a quarter of the population - which work in Libya .
However , sustainable economic development is only possible with the people involved .
When the political landscape offers such a little hope for change , it is inevitably a sense of powerlessness - as we see today in the change is spreading in the region .
It is therefore important to carry on the necessary preparations .
The marketing issue for purely protectionist purposes has already produced its results .
As we do not want any time to cover the programme for residential blocks , which is important for us , finally , we agreed not to import amendments .
They constitute the result of intensive consultations between members of the convention and NGOs engaged in democratic policy .
Some Member States should be excluded from the euro area to be granted to a refusal to create a strong Europe .
I think that Israel 's policy is seen by many of us as a deceitful one .
Since December , newspapers and publishing television programmes have reported that Europe has been <UNK> for a time .
The churches of Tunisia have been strongly testimony to this for the last few days .
On the other hand , there is still growing distortions of emerging countries and , in particular , of what the so-called <UNK> flags of convenience ' .
That is the substance of the two letters that I have sent to the Commission on 1 March , as a representative of the Western Balkan region , and who had the opportunity to discuss last Thursday in La <UNK> with the Commissioner , whom I sincerely thank for the team of the Commissioner , whom I thank sincerely .
( ES ) Mr President , the recent attacks in Iraq and Egypt are testimony to two tragedies of Europe , albeit of a different nature .
More and more companies are relocating to benefit from low labour costs in certain countries , particularly China and India , often in favour of countries that respect workers ' rights .
We realise that , from a human and financial point of view , mental health issues often have an effect on both personal , professional and social life in individuals and their families , and the public in general .
It is important to note that agreements provide benefits for passengers , because they can bring about simplification measures , without being ignored .
By adopting and reaching an agreement on the framework of negotiations on the framework of Croatia and Slovenia , I agreed to resolve any border dispute settlement in line with the principle of peaceful settlement of disputes underlying the United Nations Charter .
In the light of the above , I can only express my hope that greater legal certainty in terms of the issuing of national jurisdictions in the context of family law , particularly in terms of the intrusion of marriage or legal separation , such as the establishment of an area of freedom and justice , an important step in establishing an area of freedom and justice , in which freedom of movement of movement of persons is a reality .
The third issue is , of course , safety and certification for safety must be a prerequisite for obtaining a licence to be ensured .
On this point , I would like to emphasise the importance of childcare facilities .
The additional resources for energy and research , as well as for the decommissioning of the Kozloduy nuclear power plant in Bulgaria , are positive aspects , but what I do not agree with the budget of the EU budget .
This information programme is , in fact , particularly important as it focuses on European and other consumers knowing that our produce is not compete with <UNK> produce from other countries , but rather that it offers an alternative to quality and production methods tailored to environmental and safety and those relating to animal welfare , which in turn to the health of people .
I am not right not to be right .
It has more than 3 million victims and has more than 3 million people in the region to leave their homes .
In addition , efforts are being made to establish relations again and partnerships with neighbouring countries , the former legacy of Serbia , a step which I welcome , as it is significant in humanitarian terms .
Among these , the potential of the Arctic region , the rich natural resources in the region , raw material resources and energy resources , as well as new transport routes and tourism , but also the sensitivity of the fragile environment in the Arctic , as well as the rights of the indigenous people .
We should not send the wrong message .
As for the role of the private sector , decisions will be made for each individual case , so that the private sector 's involvement will not be a basic requirement for support under the future stability mechanism .
Obviously , strong and enduring democracy is a prerequisite for eventual EU membership .
Our cross-border cooperation and the European instrument for democracy and the European instrument for democracy and the programme of human rights have supported support for the people of the Western Balkans and other Mediterranean peoples from the region of the Barents Sea .
We will endeavour to provide the remaining EUR 2.4 billion through the budget procedure for 2010 and 2011 , with the help of everyone - I quote , because this is important - 'In budget resources provided for in its legal framework and without prejudice to the financial mechanisms of the subject of codecision and the annual budget procedure ' .
I think that , through very broad agreement , we have reached with my shadow rapporteurs and with all of you , we are sending a very clear message to the Council and to the Commission , which has the task of negotiating , but also to the negotiators of Libyan authorities , for which conditions we most certainly need to be met in order to achieve the desired of our bilateral links , and also in the broadest question of respect for human rights in Libya .
It will not be a truly citizens ' initiative .
On 9 December , the trade ministers of <UNK> will meet in order to debate the reconstruction of our economic and trade cooperation .
The problem of water is the most important challenge for the world and Europe .
How much is the European strategy on this ?
However , I call on the Agency to improve up to the accuracy of information provided by the operational expenditure provided by operational expenditure assessments .
It is not a solution to close borders but rather to look for specific ways of facilitating the integration of citizens in the diversity of European societies .
It also touches on their everyday lives .
In order to avoid any misunderstanding , I must say that this report does not directly address genetically modified foodstuffs .
It is now being <UNK> .
I am sure that this new proposal will give fresh impetus to the Council , ensuring that the new proposal will also reflect the views of the Council and Parliament 's views .
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Madam President , I would like to make two very briefly three points .
Or look at a densely populated Member State such as Germany , Austria or Italy : How will we make Austria or , for example , to accept a 30 % reduction in so that Poland is able to regulate its economic development , the number of cars per head of the population , and so on ?
The most important part of patients with mental health violations in cigarette hospitals and other socially institutions are in miserable and absolutely humiliating living conditions , such as the extremely severe gaps at primary and <UNK> aid .
This trade regime enables 176 developing countries and regions to benefit from preferential access to the European market in return for the ratification of the ILO conventions for social rights and the UN conventions on human rights conventions .
Europe will be united , and this unity will be provided by strong regions that , defending their own interests , will work closely together with others , thereby creating a network of wealth and development throughout Europe .
This actually represents the collapse of Europe 's money to these third countries .
Israel must be saved by the temptation for a solution that entails a war and a armed force .
We need a change of speed when short-term speculators have an advantage in international financial market ( because of misguided rules ) , to those who wish to make long-term investments in jobs , in <UNK> products and long-term success in their business .
I am also pleased that Commissioner Füle , who is responsible for our Neighbourhood Policy .
The <UNK> is getting increasingly <UNK> in areas where genocide is increasingly invasive in the sea .
Of course , there is a different timeframe for India and Europe for India , so to speak , the bottom up to the bottom up to <UNK> tariffs , and this is understandable , as both sides are different development .
It seeks to protect more protection in relation to the CE mark , hazardous substances , national contact points on products in the construction , independence and transparency , health and safety , as well as electronic communication .
Unfortunately , it has not yet received this pledge .
Experience experience shows that fair and rigorous enforcement of the rules are in itself only in a positive effect on competition within a sector .
On behalf of my group , I would like to state that you are giving your life to your successor .
The EU 's Black Sea Strategy is fully focused on the development of the Nabucco gas pipeline and the creation of a free-trade area , promotes its energy security and its most stable in the region .
<UNK> cities need smart communications , transport and energy infrastructure .
We are not talking here about new minorities .
Personally , I believe that labelling will not be enough or if it is used , this type of <UNK> should not be called <UNK> ' .
I must report that , a few hours ago in Belarus , there has been another violation of human rights .
Finally , I would like to mention the progress made on the most significant information that has received on the investor , which provides them protection , and I note that we would like to have been distributed - to the digital signatures because of its small amount - to all , not only in the letters .
I would prefer to have the support of the major pro-European political families , but some are <UNK> from that .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety and the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy together , together with the meetings with the Commissioner , where we were able to deal in more detail with the facts in particular , with the Commissioner , where we were able to deal in more detail .
I do not know Mr Samecki and I therefore know that he is here to answer a question on which Mr McCreevy works and his team .
In the name of a hundred thousand people , I say 'yes ' to the European Protection Order .
That is the only way that Europol 's work will be given sufficient legitimacy .
Do n't you want to commit patients to a battle against <UNK> from health care , which is narrowing down to falsified medicinal dealers and statistical data in their computers ?
The Arctic therefore has an important contribution to energy supply , raw material , and also to Europe .
In view of the fact that this is an authoritarian regime , it must be misused to deal with the possibility of representing a threat to other countries , particularly for the neighbouring ones .
Taking into account the merits of the Black Sea Synergy , which we agreed three years ago , a new EU strategy for the Black Sea should use stronger policy and specific instruments .
The tasks and resources of the fight against corruption and organised crime have been reinforced .
The European Parliament should have a greater role in creating competition policies and , in this regard , I call on the Commission to follow , in particular , demands 3 and , to take a serious account of the timely reporting before the European Parliament on its recommendations .
These are very good plans , but their implementation is a serious threat of the financial and economic crisis that is going on today .
We are fighting in Belarus to have free elections and Belarus to be a free partner in Europe .
We therefore support the development of relations with Libya by establishing a framework agreement encompassing various areas of cooperation with a view to supporting genuine political dialogue .
We must beware in care for the environment not to demonise it .
I voted in favour of the resolution on establishing credit rating agencies : prospects .
I therefore call on the European Commission and Member States to develop an effective strategy to achieve greater media freedom .
( EL ) Madam President , we are at a turning point .
This means that water must remain under public control , which is in the interest of everyone .
Unfortunately , the positive elements are too few and rare .
As the Agency has set five recommendations , however , it seems that there is five recommendations , even the necessary desire for this .
However , what I would like to say and emphasise is that a strong cod is as dangerous as it is also as dangerous as it is in the human health hazard and in the economy .
Of course .
Now , what is happening ?
The EU 's Black Sea Strategy should therefore create a stronger policy framework and give strong impetus to EU participation in the Black Sea region .
Subject : Measures for SMEs
As I understand from this point of view , the lack of information on what happens in this case is the lack of information about what exactly has happened to get to the contamination of pork .
At the same time , I share the rapporteur 's position that Member States should have more time to investigate whether repealing the directives will lead to legal uncertainty , which makes European harmonisation of the rules necessary .
I am mainly talking about the hundreds or even thousands of Belarusian students who are currently unable to continue their studies , and I would like to make a very specific proposal , namely , to draft a special programme on Erasmus , within the framework of the Erasmus system , which is extremely geared exclusively for students from Belarus .
However , there is a risk that the risk of a system is used to protect another practice , namely the violation of human rights by the regime .
Mr President , the scenario is the same .
Do you really think that it would be better to create new administrative red tape in the hands of the same <UNK> that the common agricultural policy , the common fisheries policy , the common fisheries policy and all the other systems adopted by EU law ?
Finally , thank you , Mr President , we believe that the chapter on sustainable development must include binding commitments on compliance with social and environmental standards , and particularly on the social standards of the ILO .
It will probably be in the interests of the Commission to include the European Parliament in legislative initiatives at an early stage to ensure an effective process that is in the interests of the people of Europe , as well as an active democracy .
For a person can suffer discrimination on the basis of each person may suffer from the one of them individually and , if nothing , it is done with regard to the other .
We have looked at very much at the criteria and , if possible , we want to cover all areas of EU-Russia relations .
( PT ) We must learn lessons from oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico and the subsequent ecological disaster .
The Member States must be able to adapt to the circumstances .
It is based on a common reception system for asylum seekers and on the consideration of applications and decisions concerning the future of these citizens .
Laurent Gbagbo must recognise its defeat .
Thirdly , there is no impact assessment of the financial impact assessment , there is no research to determine the size of expenditure , and I am concerned that I should express my disagreement with you , Commissioner : I do not think that the study carried out by the European Parliament on sharing the burden relating to these proposals .
For instance , in relation to recent decisions on flood plains or <UNK> for a great deal of interest in the range of 25 to 75 to 75 % .
We therefore call for a <UNK> ' role , as well as Parliament regularly informed of any initiatives in this area .
However , this can not happen with upheaval and gradual changes .
Together with the countries of the Sahel , we need to extend and coordinate our efforts through a common regional strategy , just as you have said .
In my opinion , the negotiations on the Mediterranean island are not a cause of celebration , as the most recent proposal by the Turkish Cypriots is contrary to the existing consensus on certain issues , which means that , in reality , constitute a step backwards .
Small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) must be supported first and foremost .
Finally , this response to the crisis must be understandable to citizens , it must reiterate the priority in the area of the environment and energy and to reaffirm the position of an independent European Union , while leaving all routes open to everyone so that we can achieve exactly what we want .
However , we voted in favour of this resolution as a whole .
Such investments are a kind of compensation due to the savings of the appeal during the observations , as well as to a reduction in the total amount of costs in relation to accepting asylum seekers .
The framework agreement with Libya can therefore benefit Parliament only if certain conditions are met .
I regret the fact that the European right has been taking on board the European right to have more stringent procedures on the basis that asylum seekers are mainly potential fraudsters , thereby limiting their rights .
What is happening in Delhi ?
This will help to promote and encourage small and medium-sized enterprises , as they employ the highest percentage of citizens of the European Union .
Would it not be appropriate for the start of the Commission to organise a form of EU-wide <UNK> card , in order to pave the way for the younger and understand what the ten <UNK> the issue of which citizens would welcome .
However , overall , this is a good result , which is completely in tone with Parliament 's objectives , the Council and the Commission , namely to combat trafficking in human beings , this dreadful form of slavery , this dreadful crime that Europe in 2010 does not deserve and which is a serious violation of the fundamental rights of so many citizens .
I really believe that this will happen later this year , but I do not want to make a situation in which we are receiving a 2008 document , but for 2007 .
The problems in the euro area today are obviously evidence of the failure of a more coordinated approach that has been followed in the last 10 years with an open open method for coordination .
The study of the British people 's author of Commons proves precisely this statement : a system allowing a rapid response to asylum seekers is very expensive and the delays and the plight of whole families is also very simple .
It will ensure that any person who claims to be a victim of infringement of the convention or a body of the Union can submit a complaint against the Court of Justice of the same conditions as complaints against Member States .
In future , we need to make the food aid scheme permanent .
The main investment that will allow this objective is the Nabucco pipeline .
The second aspect of this is the pharmaceutical authorisations .
What structural changes can the European Union offer to the world ?
A few months ago , I supported the need for a review of the provisions on crimes against religions in the so-called 'sanctions ' laws .
