In August , the Council of the International Monetary Fund approved USD 250 billion a total allocation of the special rights of the International Monetary Fund , which will be USD 18 billion will be allocated to the countries with low income and the International Monetary Fund will be forced to make a negative account of other measures for the countries with low income .
If we read it as a food additive , can we continue to find out or we need to gradually <UNK> as hazardous waste ?
As a means of the EU 's cohesion and Hungary , Hungary , aims to implement the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Our group believes that the pluralism is not only a Italian problem .
In line with this assessment and , due to the trend in recent years , the amount of oil has been reduced .
The European Union must intervene in the work of the UN Human Rights work , because it is currently completely <UNK> and <UNK> and no longer enjoy a universal credibility .
I think it was not very clear .
In addition , households , businesses and the public sector will have significant economic benefits , because they will have lower electricity accounts .
Greece has responded to the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' .
The budget is for the unemployed , which we are now looking for a new job .
The arrests we have mentioned were not almost unchanged and have not been the result of a large amount of change .
The package includes a range of measures - providing micro-credit to small and medium-sized enterprises and to financing measures for energy efficiency and specific technical financial supervision to the financial sector and financial regulation .
However , I would like to draw attention to the fact that in some countries , corruption in the allocation of EU funds directly linked to the reduction of policies committed in these countries .
It is not about establishing the guilty of the guilty , but in this case , major errors were made available , starting with the <UNK> and <UNK> accusations of the <UNK> , which caused the experience of social and very serious , economic crisis .
I believe that European consumers will benefit much greater benefit from the maximum level of harmonisation .
The Commission 's objective is , in fact , the three sectoral supervisory bodies to have the same structure .
Every agreement should be reached between sovereign nation states , taking precedence over their democratic process .
So there is no need to listen to Britain 's people or to anyone else from the European Union ; however , this will happen .
I strongly object to the use of non-human primates in the <UNK> , except whether they need to be used extremely <UNK> in the <UNK> or <UNK> .
In this way , Serbia demonstrates its commitment to economic integration with the European Union and has so far positive results in this regard .
The economy and international markets are extremely sensitive to every measure taken by the European Union , such as the stimulus measures adopted in recent days .
We must therefore firmly move towards greater economic cohesion , stronger cohesion , stronger cohesion in economic and social policies of the Member States .
We must increase control over this .
in writing . - I voted in favour of granting discharge for the European Commission , but I have done it with some reservations .
The lack of a single market means that the EU 's energy policy is unable to provide effective solutions to the problems associated with oil reserves of oil and gas in Europe , increasing oil prices and gas prices , increasing global demand and global demand .
Firstly , I would like to congratulate four rapporteurs from the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and the Committee on Petitions on their joint work on this remarkable report , as well as on how we have been dealing with the Council and the Commission to achieve such a good result .
Secondly , we are trying to remove some <UNK> and sometimes controversial measures .
Rather , I would like to share with you of the answer of the International Community 's violence , as well as I emphasise that our concern now is to protect the interests of the citizens and our people .
As the European Council stated in its conclusions , we can not apply the priorities for ensuring nuclear power stations only within our borders .
The EIB 's assistance was extremely important .
It is important for the EU to take a decisive stance on the situation in Kyrgyzstan because it is about a strategic country .
Indeed , we all know - that means that we will remind the Member States of the European Union that manage a large part of the European funds to make this responsibility in practice ; because we know that most errors are made in using European funds are carried out by Member States and their Member States .
Moreover , how can the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy ( ITRE ) , Ukraine can <UNK> and Russia , such as the problems responsible for gas supply , but our recommendations are only being called for Russia ?
We have listened to you .
We have taken the first step forward by making the situation more appropriate and we take appropriate action .
The first is : what would you say if , if you say , in one or two years , we have been talking about , from the representatives of the representatives of the government of Lukashenko here , in this House , not the place of someone who is not a member of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs ( Justice ) and the Human Rights of civil liberties ?
It is very important , however , that climate change has become another debate .
The Community 's financial assistance to decommission the Kozloduy of the Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant : <UNK> <UNK> (
I am pleased to see that the EIB and EBRD have reached an agreement on cooperation in countries where they carry out joint work .
As you know , and as has just said , the President-in-Office of the Council , the Council is the Council that takes decisions - between the other , on these matters .
( DE ) In the first half of this year , the price of the gas supply of gas suppliers by 40 % .
When my constituents leave me and say <UNK> , I do not have good service in my constituency , and I would like to go abroad to another Member State of the European Union , to have better health care ' , they are not sure that the legal situation is safe .
With regard to nuclear energy , we are in the usual contact with the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna and we monitor and monitor the situation in Japan .
The budgetary problems are being identified in the economic problems .
Let me explain why people in the UK are so <UNK> .
We can not accept this , but , on the other hand , the Eastern Partnership seems to be a response to Russia 's neighbourhood policy in its neighbouring countries .
Lastly , I very much welcome the fact that we have reached agreement that we do not want a rescue industry with a model of EUR 1 billion per year , which ultimately profit , and not receive any benefit .
I believe there is a plan - a functional plan - in relation to the production of modern , safer , cleaner , <UNK> and that we must face up against those who want to reverse the agenda in respect of these extremely important products .
In view of this , measures must be implemented to limit the impact of price volatility and speculation .
I therefore expect the 2011 procedure .
That is what I expect and hope they will do .
In Israel 's investigations and <UNK> , used during the operation of the <UNK> ' , they were committed by the <UNK> of troops or military police forces , thereby the independence of the independence of Hamas , and the <UNK> ' is still not sufficient to respond to the <UNK> of Israel in Israel .
I hope that Parliament will be having the decision taken by the committees and those of us who have taken up the report that was adopted by a huge majority .
I really believe that , on the basis of the experience of the debate , we have to discuss in this House , that we must not only discuss the economic crisis , the financial crisis , as well as what can now call <UNK> ' money .
Madam President , at the start of the start , I can say that I really do not call them the Millennium Development Goals , but the Millennium Development Goals .
Mr President , I will take the floor first place to congratulate the Commission on its initiative on Brazil to recognise itself as regional force , which links with its relations with the European Union to strategic level .
This is partly due to numerous and crucial amendments tabled by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , who made it less ideological , forced and capable of finding a critical memory of the critical events that have been established in the years , and to identify positive aspects and to ensure that the international community is more effective and more effective in order to make the international community 's efforts to restore the transition authorities .
Thanks to the work of the rapporteurs , it was simplified and , in particular , the idea that the <UNK> group of experts from seven different countries will start the procedure .
Cohesion policy is a fundamental concern for the EU to find the balance between richer and poorer regions .
On this basis , I am not sure we need to restrict this in a single department .
( RO ) Mr President , I believe that respect for the independence of the judiciary of the judiciary - a fundamental standard of the European Union and Brazil - must have the discussions before all other considerations .
There is another problem in Campania , both in the Campania and in Lithuania , which is caused by full cooperation between citizens and the authorities .
I would like to speak for the reality .
We must therefore not stop with our <UNK> calls .
The common goal must be to promote better public awareness of the disease , and the <UNK> of the young people of Alzheimer 's young people , 21 September , with information campaigns on preventing such diseases and treatment of diseases .
When does the Council intend to take action in this regard ?
Thirdly , we must push the Union for the Mediterranean ( UfM ) and its projects which can contribute to the modernisation of the Mediterranean countries .
The future progress was a major issue and I am pleased that I can reiterate that aid is being made available in the automotive industry through the European Investment Bank to ensure that the current situation does not weaken the capacity of industry .
The positive vote for the European programme means support for the efforts of the cultural heritage of the Member States .
We have been able to spend EUR <UNK> 000 to finance a number of important activities in order to promote governance in tax matters .
Subject : EU EU policy
They are also ready to take appropriate measures to tackle the problem .
The NGOs have shown NGOs that we have been raising politically motivated are politically in prison .
This contributes to preventing the distortions of the market , which would be caused by a <UNK> increase in imports of imports to the EU market if the quota is not changed .
EUR <UNK> per visa is too much for most of the majority of citizens .
The view is that the spectrum is a scarce resource that is not dependent on borders .
Let us be a lesson for us .
I would also like to say a few words about Pakistan .
At the same time , the consolidation of transatlantic strategic partnership must offer a new opportunity to develop cooperation with the third major player on the <UNK> , namely Russia .
We are not presenting it with a blank hand .
We are not moving into rapidly <UNK> , but we would like all have liked enough to say quickly , so that we can say that it is <UNK> and that it is better adapted to this logic than to the logic of the logic .
I am pleased that we have already discussed the truth .
From a political point of view , this is not just a game of <UNK> , nor should we have to take the problem of simply a sense of fault .
The overall solution , systematically <UNK> by details or even by vested interests .
There is now an opportunity for development in terms of providing jobs , particularly for women .
I have given my voice to these indigenous communities who suffer the consequences of the environmental and fighting to combating environmental movements , while I call for an immediate ban on the use of gold mining in the European Union .
The proposals have been made .
The misunderstanding is misunderstanding .
As a member of the Committee on Development , I would like to emphasise precisely this aspect .
I would like to know how the overall asylum system will be to be put forward , as this seems too late .
Two years ago , I was told that the Lisbon Treaty has failed to share the fate of the <UNK> in the <UNK> of <UNK> and the sea , which , after the debt of the debt , has been <UNK> almost <UNK> .
on behalf of the PPE Group . - ( BG ) Mr President , honourable Members , during the accession negotiations to the European Union , under the pressure of certain political forces , Bulgaria agreed to agree on 4 February nuclear power stations in Kozloduy and this commitment to the maximum date .
Iceland can make a valuable contribution to EU policies due to its experience in the field of renewable energy , particularly in terms of using geothermal energy , environmental protection and measures to combat climate change .
The EU has credibility and liquidity .
We need import imports , but I suggest that this should not be at any price .
Social protection policies that will also be taken into account , women 's living conditions , such as seasonal workers , particularly as regards the need to provide adequate accommodation , health and adequate conditions .
It is not surprising that I support the Presidency 's Presidency 's very strong position .
Moreover , the Gulf Cooperation Council announced that the Gulf Cooperation Council has recently announced that it has not recognised the failure of the Gaddafi regime 's regime .
in writing . - ( EL ) The identification of the system of mental health , which is proposing , serves the interests of capital , capital and the promotion of health and not the interests of patients .
The creation of a network of liaison officers for immigration liaison officers is another step towards a centralised measure controlled by the European Union , which serves the spread of immigrants and refugees .
The economic crisis has exacerbated the poverty even more .
Sometimes , goods are offered to the EU and the same brand , but with different composition of the product for the various countries .
The Irish people were involved in a huge coalition , political , large , large enterprises , the majority of the capitalist press and the Commission , that if they vote 'no ' , will be punished by the European Union , and will have capital and , if they vote for jobs , there will be incentives for jobs and investment .
The <UNK> , with gender equality , represents a good example of the available - methodology and supported by the European Parliament itself , although it is still not the norm .
The same applies to nuclear power .
I have also spoken to my constituents , many interested groups of disabled groups who wanted them to be revised .
This means that there will be another discussion .
Industry will benefit from the time limit between the application of the application and the product to be put into place , which will mean savings in administrative costs and enable it to come to the market earlier , dependent on profits .
The Council will also show how the European Union will be involved in these plans and explain how the costs will be distributed between Member States and also the efforts aimed at achieving these objectives .
Once we have been able to do with the role of its drivers if we can not put the means and the measures we will not manage to reach an agreement and the main responsibility of Europeans .
Some of these subjects are present in the report , and this has been worth me with hope that we have succeeded in reaching a comprehensive report .
Mr <UNK> is in prison and we will not see that it will be released soon .
In all EU trade agreements , the EU should include a social clause that is legally binding .
Why ?
If we want this agreement to make it possible to implement a fragmentation , transparent and inclusive trade in timber , which will benefit local populations in the relevant countries concerned , not to which is based on the European Union , the European Union must do so that the rights of indigenous and indigenous peoples are fully respected and participate in these talks .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is still a pity how the Council could resolve such a way to approach .
As someone who has been elected for many years , has been identified and there is a great deal of knowledge about this profession , this is particularly important for me .
If you think you have a mandate for this , you have been <UNK> and <UNK> .
It is not only a <UNK> , but also <UNK> them to look at them as goods or services .
We really proposed Japan 's experience in the area of nuclear energy because of the extremely severe and worrying situation that affects not only Japan but also the entire international community .
Ladies and gentlemen , citizens often complain that Europe has no person .
Secondly , let us focus more attention to ecology , or to be more precise , to the ecological education , taking place in education programmes and is presented as new discipline .
Fortunately , the Egyptian Government did not have to hold a referendum to decide on accession , as we know that it is somewhat <UNK> for citizens .
However , despite us being able to agree with this philosophy and our attempts to prevent it , our reality forces us to use force even in peace missions .
Let me tell you how I see Europe 's future .
Moreover , Mr President , no statements , even if they are heard from the chairs of the groups , there will be no lack of the legal obligations of Parliament that are a law .
It is very pleased that the number of people travelling to the European Union have been waiting for .
( Applause )
The report concerns extremely important issues relating to ratings in the sector , such as the absence of competition , structure and the absence of accountability and transparency , particularly in ratings ratings .
( NL ) Bosnia and Herzegovina is , in fact , a Yugoslavia in the <UNK> , a federation , where the various ethnic groups must choose between the different groups to live together with internal conflicts .
These statements can not be true , however .
It is important to remember that the true regional market constitutes an essential foundation for the interim implementation of the interim Economic Partnership Agreement and that regional integration and cooperation are essential for public and economic development of the Pacific States .
Although we support measures for managing and protection of European forests , we do not support the creation of a new European forestry policy that will guide powers in this area of the European Union .
( PL ) Ladies and gentlemen , the 2010 budget is a difficult compromise .
The cooperation mechanism and verification Commissioner is merely one document , but the progress reports do not match its name .
However , some of the proposed measures go far too far .
At a time when we should encourage public transport as an effective and flexible opportunity for the environment , the new rules for passengers will provide them with relevant rights that they deserve .
Since then , the situation has changed .
This could lead to a Europe with a steady growth in growth and development , leading to the idea of a single European Union for a single unified European citizen .
We need a price for the most vulnerable degrees of what this means .
It is time for the European Union to start adopting the opinions of European citizens and to listen to the people of the people .
In 2007 , this treaty was decided to include EU legal framework .
Let us therefore endeavour not to go down them in the same matters .
This shows that we have been doing - the euro can not work ' .
However , we are also encouraged by the international philosophy that we are open to third countries such as Russia in special cases where Russia is necessary ; of course , Russia is a full member of the Black Sea Synergy .
The credit rating agencies are expected to provide information on the quality of the industry .
Research in this area are therefore essential and we must also focus first and foremost on providing funding , coordinated work and coordinated activities .
The convention has so far ratified by 26 Member States and the Community .
Dialogue was recently and I think that this is good news of sanctions that were part of the sanctions that were not part of the European Union and which had no point in which the resumption of political dialogue became possible , and with the resumption of the political dialogue that was not possible to do something that was possible : we talk to the Cuban authorities in Cuba .
As the next meeting of the European Cooperation Committee on Legal Affairs - Russia will take this week in Strasbourg , I hope to raise this issue with the Russian Members of the Russian Sweden and Council , and I would like to encourage my fellow Members here to do the same .
( PL ) Mr President , I would like to talk about the security of raw materials for production to farmers , as they need farmers and traders in the European Union , as well as food and animal feed for animals .
We need further negotiations with the Council so that we can reach an final agreement before the summer to provide a robust foundation for the euro .
We all agree that they are necessary and we all agree that we need to find the legal basis .
It will thus be prepared for a successful summit between the EU and the United States in Washington , probably in June .
The Democratic and strong European Ukraine is the key to democratic , responsible and <UNK> with Russia .
As was said , we began negotiations in October 2008 , during the French Presidency .
Firstly , there are three explanations of vote on the Framework Agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission .
We definitely have a common interest in achieving this goal and we must not forget this during the debate on the future of the cohesion policy after 2014 .
( ES ) Mr President , I voted for Amendments 30 and 31 , because both the allocation of the total allowable catch ( TAC ) , and the TAC of TAC , and the definition of the gaps must take into account the various fleets - small and industrial fleets - so that fishing opportunities can be used for fishing opportunities that have been hitherto been concluded .
Is it because the structural funds and cohesion policy do not <UNK> the common agricultural policy ?
Freedom should also be respected in the dissemination of new information technologies , so that the Internet , in particular , the Internet , is expected to turn into a <UNK> possible place .
Firstly , it must be clear that human rights do not mean that we must ignore the concept , let us say , subsidiarity or <UNK> the different values of the Member States .
Another tradition is the security of food supply .
I hope that our specific recommendations , together with the Commission 's comments on the aforementioned issues , will be found in a successful project .
The worst situation gives us a situation for reflection .
By improving the food supply chain , it should be possible to avoid such high food prices and limit price volatility .
The current Amendment Roxana Saberi has shown the concept of preserving the status of the national civil law or other organisations based on religious or personal belief , and , at the same time , the relevant article and recital 18 , the wording proposed by the wording and 29 of 29 , in my opinion , on the scope of Member States to access to education , or belief of private institutions .
We do not know where and how the European safety net , which is only in itself a step .
Until now , the parliaments of the Member States , including , of course , Hungary , are the only ones .
This was proposed and in the report of Mr Barnier , but until now , we have not reached a conclusion .
The truth is that they are linked to the massive presence of immigrants who import in Europe are putting a <UNK> concept , but if the price of women are paid out of women in these communities , then tomorrow , it can be affected our women and the heart of society .
However , as I said in my introduction , we must help the poorest parts of the world from accessing clean water .
In this context , this is simply a question of a fairer .
Citizens will be able to present the Commission to present new initiatives in the areas of policies .
We will be your partners in resolving these issues .
The same applies to the <UNK> existence of tax havens .
MEPs play a crucial role in the introduction and promoting European youth policies in Member States .
It is very easy to <UNK> the obvious phrases , but in the real world , there are people who want to safeguard regulations .
For example , the functions of debtors will be increased considerably , along with the risks of the risks .
I am proud that this is the convention that the United Nations has been reached in the history of the United Nations , but first of all , I am proud that people with disabilities and the disabled of disabled persons with disabilities , in the perfect and accepting it .
We want to call on this process to be clear and simple to allow us as representatives of individual voters who ultimately represent the European Union .
Further reduction in the use of asbestos in Europe must be welcomed .
The compromise reached an end to the dispute which more than 15 years of Europe has been different in the hands of Latin American countries , the banana and the United States , which <UNK> the Eastern treatment of Europe , from the African , Caribbean and Pacific ( ACP ) .
We need further legislative changes to protect journalists ' human rights defenders and politicians and from criminal prosecution and because of the expression of views against violence .
( PT ) Mr President , a few days ago , a few days ago , was signed by the first time of 1 May as International Labour Day .
Someone has made a good speech today : <UNK> has no solidarity , and no solidarity is there without strong , effective , effective European Union ' .
This must be done simultaneously with the market 's wider opening up and allow Member States to use strict and effective measures .
This standard exists in the 21st century .
These policies are absolutely necessary , as they are an expression of justice and ensure that the European Union is consistently consistent with its values and maintains the attitude of its citizens to these values .
The European and seven per cent of inhabitants expect Europe to be developed in this area .
However , we are faced with significant problems such as rising unemployment and increased debt and deficit .
The European Parliament consistently called for a genuine common European diplomacy .
It is not necessary to mention that this ambitious long-term objective will require Georgia to take and support efforts aimed at meeting the reforms .
For a long time , I say that , when it comes to the protection of human rights and minority rights in Europe , it is a shame that the Council of Europe has a system of protection system for the protection of human rights and minorities while the real political burden in the Union is the Union .
The Commission 's calendar in 2006 ( vote )
Violence is not a personal question .
As I speak from my own name , I am of the concern that trade preferences will seem to be seen as a Nobel Prize for its own government 's failure to do so .
I will respond to a few specific questions raised in the debate .
You can understand that everything is lost , but in its <UNK> desire to retain their dream want to remove the system of any kind of <UNK> democracy .
In fact , I believe that we can not talk about the EU budget today without finding the debate both for own resources and for the Community 's Community regime , or do not mention certain passenger resources .
However , EUR 11.8 million will be replaced by the European Regional Development Fund ( EDF ) .
This is almost illegal fishing and we should not , in any way , join them to join the EU .
I voted in favour of the new composition of the Commission .
Of course , we would all like to see the immediate practical restructuring of the intervention mission .
The spirit of cooperation , political dialogue and joint efforts to achieve concrete objectives will , however , provide great help to build trust , which is necessary to achieve viable solutions .
I believe that in the fight against climate change , it has so far been paid to the increased energy sources , which are clearly very important .
The way we are about the way of the mandate of the mandate are <UNK> ' .
In relation to the current situation which took place following the earthquake in Japan , and the problems associated with the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Fukushima , the citizens of some Member States decided to abandon the use of nuclear energy in relatively short time , despite the fact that there is still no common problem .
On the other hand , apart from the imposition of a complete embargo on the <UNK> , the Commission is to study the possibility of carrying out the security reform of the army in order to reform the army and make it easier for them to restore stability in Guinea .
We understand the problems , but we can not understand your actions , Mr Dalli .
In this way , the European Union shows a certain solidarity .
in writing . - ( DE ) Energy efficiency is an area of great potential for the future that the European Union has some experience .
I am of the opinion that it is essential to continue to pay particular attention to the regions mentioned in order to Objective 2 , through support for economic and social protection of these areas , making them full and promoting their resources and support in the growth of growth and employment .
The European Union has announced its intentions through legislation , which is already mandatory : legislation that has been used by the European Commission , which received the support of the European Council and Parliament , and unilaterally - and the European Union has already set up a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 .
However , it is regrettable that the European Commission presented this proposal before the European Parliament and we can not have a credible debate here , although the regulation deserves the GSP to be a change .
We must send out a message from Brussels and Strasbourg that we are not only concerned or exclusively for the recovery of the financial system , but we are fully aware of the need to develop our social policies , particularly those that help the poorest in the European Union .
Mr President , the 10th anniversary of the euro is indeed a cause of urgency .
The Council is composed of the Ministers and of the sovereign countries .
I fully support the rapporteur 's efforts to find a balance here .
Tens of thousands of refugees are no longer left and do not know where they go .
I urge you to take a look at the next few May - to look back to a few days - because if you were told us from this vote , in practice , the UK 's ability to <UNK> or support ...
The EU 's strength is open borders and free trade .
It is crucial that the upcoming joint elections , the initial elections on 7 March , could become a great step towards consolidating democracy in Iraq 's democracy in Iraq .
As human rights are of particular importance for the European Union , as everyone will agree , we must help to help help .
Will it be Tony Blair with its <UNK> ?
When it comes to visa requirements , which are a requirement for visas , it is essential to examine every individual case .
However , there is a need for the European Commission to take concrete action in order to respond positively to these problems .
Once again , I thank all the parliamentary groups for their support , bluefin tuna and constructive behaviour .
This authoritarian capitalism can not <UNK> a calmly in democratic and responsible capitalism , as we are in Europe today and West .
The question is urgent .
There is a UN resolution which is based on the immediate cease-fire of the ceasefire and opening negotiations .
My draft recommendation to the Libyan people is to wait for the final outcome of the negotiations before taking some position .
That is my last debate as President of this parliamentary term , and I would like to thank everyone .
We need to know how the cost of new technologies will be made and who will take them .
I do not want you to take up new ideas , but to take the package , presented last week by the President of the Commission and Olli Rehn , and to share it with its four fundamental areas for discussion before the Council and to your colleagues .
This will create not only for consumers , but also for our small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , for which they are going to be easier to benefit from the advantages of the internal market .
The European Commission proposal is very positive and improved by changes made by Parliament , which is precisely :
Today , someone is talking about refugees .
The use of individual minority groups do not encourage the learning of languages ; it promotes the unemployed of people who speak different languages in school work and a game .
One of the circumstances that exploit the lives of the EU 's average citizen is the main introduction of amendments to the legislation .
The Group of the Tymoshenko losses was precisely because they were killed to the hunger of the hunger strike and the worsening public ownership of certain officials .
It is harder to maintain and high rates of employment and to maintain strong public finances .
The main ideas of the European Union gradually in politics , whose main principles have become the guiding principles of poverty and promoting human rights , fundamental freedoms , decent working conditions and good governance .
This regulation sets out enhanced cooperation between certain Member States ( Austria , Belgium , Belgium , Bulgaria , France , Germany , Hungary , Italy , Latvia , Malta , Malta , Romania , Romania and Spain ) .
I can say pleased that the Spanish Presidency received only support and recognition of the Commission , from the Council and the European Parliament for their constructive attitude and am pleased that no criticism was one criticism of the concerns of the fundamental institutions .
The first is that homosexuality is no longer being described as a livelihood ; and the second point that is particularly important here is that there is no tangible research that the child can influence their sexual orientation .
I voted in favour of Parliament resolution because I believe that , although the draft budget contained in which the Council is amended , does not fully meet the actual need for a sustainable , sustainable and effective EU budget , the objective of ensuring the Union budget that can be fully implemented and implemented by the financial year .
We will not eliminate poverty and hunger from the world without aid from the market .
In this context , we consider vital cooperation with the countries of North Africa to develop renewable energy sources .
I would like to stress that the international economic and financial crisis has also brought to a global crisis of global magnitude , and this only makes it possible to tighten strict rules in order to ensure that we organise more effective supervision of the world economy and that its development will not be detrimental to our societies .
The fact that Cameroon is the Western African exporter of a strong European fleet makes it necessary to regulate the regulation of goods through the <UNK> agreement we are voting on today .
Of course , it sounds logical that exports must be allowed and approved beforehand .
There is an urgent explanation for this .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) is precisely such a case , so the promise and its own Treaty of Lisbon is !
This parliamentary resolution was carefully considered to avoid any possibility of eliminating violence in Thailand and leave an opportunity for dialogue , but this does not mean that we will be talking about calls for democracy .
Mr Orbán , we need European economic governance .
If you may emphasise one further question : we have , for the moment , on the euro area , but we also have a <UNK> in the European Union , and we must do not get ourselves with problems .
We have resisted the number of people who can not satisfy basic needs .
The Spanish Government must take it into account , but has not done nothing .
I would like to urge the Bureau to consider the possibility of sending a strong letter to the Council that such behaviour is unacceptable .
We will have to assess the effectiveness of this measure , as well as its impact on the possible suspension of a Member State or in other types of supply or fraud .
I strongly support the balance of economic cycle across the entire economic cycle .
The situation is not different in Libya and Egypt according to the reports of the workers in this area of foreign journalists .
We would like to see such a similar approach from the Member States and from the Commission .
To this extent , it is due to the excellent work of Commissioner Rehn .
The European Parliament and the Commission have acted together to offer a set of initiatives in response to the crisis .
Given this , we must support the implementation of the objectives of the European Moldova for the Republic of Moldova 2007-2013 , in order to achieve the desired results and the two results of the two parties .
Let us learn from the failure of the Lisbon Agenda - one more name that no one has been saying !
This is a very good result for this Parliament and for Europe .
This will be my proposal to the European Council , so that I can - and I have a great wish to do this - Parliament will have full participation and be fully committed to the strategy .
The proposal was done by Germany .
Finally , I am pleased to note the quality of the annual report on the work of the Regions Committee on the Regions , particularly in its way , to discuss Parliament 's follow-up and the Court of Auditors ' discharge , in which it emphasises the importance of which it underlines how important and these important decisions are .
It is also essential that Madagascar can not conclude agreements on natural resources before the government has a mandate with a mandate conferred on its people .
We can not expect , particularly in extreme economic conditions , that problems will be judged on the basis of a system of universal values .
Let us not think we have been faced with these tragedies .
The forthcoming package on the rights of victims will pay particular attention to the protection of particular vulnerable victims , such as women , but also children .
The key recognition of the findings in certification constitutes a huge benefit for the EU , given that this will establish mutual recognition of the findings in all the areas of certification in all the Member States .
When we draw attention to the expenditure in the budget , we also need to focus more on the people who really benefit from the Union 's policy , not only to the annual budget in the budget .
A group of religious violence was in Kampala and one evening , I have heard the dead , and the transgender people in a <UNK> whose son are forced to take place .
Once it has been done on this path , the only destiny that Moldova expects in the best case is that of Belarus .
What is even more serious , Mr President , is that the Council in the biggest employment crisis of Europe 's history - today , 10 000 Europeans will be lost their jobs , and the same will happen tomorrow and , at the same time , it is not a serious initiative and it has not been held at the summit on employment .
- Ladies and gentlemen , we have <UNK> the most recent situation in the Czech Republic .
We are ready to remember what happened in 2005 , when the Stability and Growth Pact was strengthened .
We all know what will be the result - it will be the most effective approach , but we have a road map but if we do not need new ways to transfer our message both the Israelis and Palestinians in the region ?
We therefore voted against it .
He spoke positive and about where improvements are made .
Furthermore , it is necessary to introduce new systems that this will never happen , and that there is no means of emergency cases that can cause the system in question .
( PL ) Yesterday in <UNK> , Poland , the European Parliament 's <UNK> constituency was murdered on his own ground .
The delegation here in the European Parliament , this week , to participate in the most recent working visit , organised by the Bureau to promote parliamentary democracy .
It is not necessary to say that the conclusion of an agreement with India is not only a huge economic value , but is also essential .
However , I would like to ask you , if you were to draw your attention to ...
It is widely supported by social platforms and by civil society .
This is completely an argument that probably can only be given by a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
In the year , million people in Europe suffer from <UNK> as Alzheimer 's disease .
I believe there is something that the Commission should give itself .
We need a link between our decision-making process and the implementation of the latter in a global scale , particularly in the United States .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
As the report mentions the report , the legislation concerns 52 000 industrial enterprises in Europe .
We need to <UNK> the negotiations on the protocol to access to genetic resources and sharing the benefits .
Is that of the increase in these increases would you help your country ?
We are discussing the legislative package of many months and it has already been reached on 98 % with the Council .
The EU 's sharp injuries must monitor and control boats , <UNK> in ports , with the destination that I would like to say that control and monitoring must be carried out on the Indian ports .
When people from the media , there are newspapers of newspapers , they come and say that they have questions , we should discuss these issues seriously .
We often have the following question : if 50 trade relations have not been <UNK> , even though it can not be done , how this could be achieved by opening up the markets ?
This will stimulate the economy and create jobs , and will also contribute to achieving the Barcelona objectives .
We are also a feeling of <UNK> .
I believe that , in this framework , dialogue between the European Parliament and national parliaments will be in favour of the common European common goal , our common responsibility and solidarity that we must show at European and national level to take the right decisions and implement the right policies that require a difficult solution for our national parliaments , particularly for the political parties , which should pay their national parliaments at their level .
If this is not yet done , I can assure you that it will be in June .
The report confirms that the abolition was used to be used for and the detention of persons who subsequently condemned terrorism within our Member States .
It is also important for women in the event of unemployment or maternity protection .
I also appreciate the further way the European Parliament is considering this initiative .
The Commission continues to engage in the process of accession process , as it gives a strong impetus to the political and economic reforms .
I therefore believe that the fight against poverty should be combated by stimulating the economy and the market , not by subsidies that always must be financed by tax , which we know , as we know , are the taxpayer and the economy are an obstacle to economic competitiveness .
( RO ) Madam President , the directive sets out the legal framework for responsible nuclear fuel and radioactive waste management , which is absolutely compulsory in terms of the confidentiality of the regulations .
There are two opposing positions of the one hand , the position of the Chinese regime , which claims that the Dalai Lama is the person 's right to violence and the people who condemn the Dalai Lama ; the Dalai Lama and the Dalai Lama in exile want a national independence for the <UNK> nation , which is contrary to the territorial unity of China .
We need an effective surveillance system that will create a level playing field for the economy and to ensure economic growth and employment .
Despite all , there are no doubt about the research activity .
The new moment is that , with the so-called <UNK> ' , so-called projects , can now be financed and projects in developing countries , particularly which do not fall under the scope of the common development aid measures for development aid .
Above all , it provides citizens with a platform to express and offer ideas for European legislation .
The draft budget of the European Union budget for the financial year 2010 , Section III - Commission (
The proposal made the current rules on the import of animals , meat and meat products remain in force to them with measures adopted under the new regulatory framework .
Paradoxically , Russia is a friend , but what is doing , including the worst of the abuses , such as the murders of journalists , and America is a partner , a partner in the <UNK> of the enemy - a enemy that really helped to Europe from the Nazis and who has not been given them to give them the victims , but it will do so .
Now I have spent the passion on this route to the end of five times .
A <UNK> economic governance of Brussels , which sets out the European standard , certainly not the right way .
I call on you to vote for the original report , not for the amendment of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
I was therefore not pleased when we talked about postponing the vote .
The second concern is to ensure that the commitments we are taking are taken and affects the right to ownership and vulnerability of people who live in <UNK> property , for example , on the property property .
We will be decisive when we provide more power when we need to protect the data of our citizens , or when we need to prepare rules on asylum package .
Sudan was a sovereign state .
Even this week , we have been waiting for a <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , was <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , or probably in the name of Prime Minister .
For this reason , we emphasise this very clearly in the EU 2020 strategy and the issue of diversity in many ways of doing so as the economic and economic cohesion policies .
It is less acceptable to say that the closure of Guantánamo and the resulting consequences of the United States ' government is extremely important .
The next item is the debate on :
We can not wait for the United States of America on all these issues .
In order to ensure comprehensive information , the Commission can also consider the issue of existing alternative substances to which substances are known as to the functions of the Schengen system .
Our right to do this was unequivocally in the Rules of Procedure .
These values are important for the European Parliament in its excellent relations with Thailand .
I am convinced that direct payments in direct payments is undoubtedly discrimination against large farms .
The highest level of protection is not only unsatisfactory , but it is tantamount to the inadequate practices of the current fraudulent practices , as they require a response that European legislation can not offer .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - Mr President , on behalf of my group , I ask this package to be held on the agenda of this part-session .
Mrs Malmström , I admit that you are rights and the question of employment policy , in particular , must have priority .
Other EPA are in preparation .
Mr President , I am disturbed by the use of criminal law against persons from one and the same sex , agree to maintain sexual relations with each other .
To sum up , I would point out that the destruction of most of the homes are due to the poor application of the Single Market Act , which is based on Mr Zapatero , which actions are based on the <UNK> of the <UNK> , only in a region of Spain .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) does not want such a Europe .
Many efforts and ideas that are alone , can already be included in the system and applied to the most specific needs .
However , Russia , unlike Turkey , cultural , cultural and geographical geographical Europe .
These are therefore necessary measures to promote their future social and economic development .
As a result of the economic crisis , growth has been seen in racism and xenophobia , as well as in the number of crimes caused by them .
Austria has also made significant progress on the northern route .
This also concerns the fundamental idea of European cooperation - free movement .
We also need to call for change in the behaviour of mobile phones as promoting the use of the <UNK> ' , limiting the use of mobile phones from children and young people , <UNK> their techniques , traceability of certain campaigns and promoting joint companies and to benefit from nuclear companies and to <UNK> .
Mr President , in my speech to us here , you said that it is extremely important to strengthen the single market and that the strengthening of the single market is a recipe for the crisis in Europe .
They are among the promises we have come back to again , but they do not lead to adequate , tangible help .
Now , at the end of the year , when the question of cohesion policy again puts the question of the Union , the Committee on Budgets firmly recommends an end to the uncertainty on the 2011 budget .
It is time for the Commission to take things in her hands and not only do statements - as you have done and Commissioner Kroes - but to actually make sure that the business plan and study be given whether it was not guaranteed any <UNK> .
The image of Europeans with the Third world means that Europe will be replaced by the third world .
It is a <UNK> <UNK> of the border between Chechnya and <UNK> , after it was shot in <UNK> .
Education and vocational training are long-term process , and therefore we need to know what needs we will have in 10 years ' time , and not only at present , so that we can help the next generation .
Although the report contains some good proposals , it can not fulfil the specific objectives .
It is unacceptable to present itself as the duty to have the duty to have the decency and finance abroad to obtain appropriate treatment .
Although it is set up as a development aid instrument , this mechanism is not accompanied by contradictions and particularly among the above all the objectives and results that are achieved .
Of course , the opportunities provided for .
This is a strong political meeting in economic , social and financial perspective , which was the most important technical meeting .
That is why I voted in this way .
In this regard , I can mention , for example , mention of the European Arrest Warrant .
It is about finding a normal way of human rights violations , tension and conflicts of religious faith or belief , or belief , and efforts are required , as well as for the ongoing dialogue and tolerance .
This will be a wonderful gift for 1 July , Mr Vondra .
The only way to deal with the Mugabe regime is the holding of fair and free elections .
What results have been made ?
Thank you , Mr President , it is my opinion that , on the issue of the modernisation of social policy and aid for the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , there is very rhetoric , but a little action .
My vote in favour of the resolution today expresses the positive opinion that the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has already expressed .
- ( LT ) Madam President , I really agree with all the ideas mentioned today for creating a regulated mechanism and for the additional measures I believe that both the European Council and Parliament will debate in the future .
Let us not forget it and when it comes to our eastern neighbour .
I would like to ask the Commission whether and when will present a similar proposal .
However , it only offers peoples around the world 's recognition of their rights in terms of the ecosystem and establishing a judicial authority .
Thanks to the multiannual programmes and strategies introduced as part of the policy , individual regions , and particularly the poorest , have the opportunity to sustainable economic growth , boosting competitiveness and job creation .
This is an important instrument to strengthen regional integration in this area , which , on its part , is an important preparation if these countries want to integrate into the European market and join the Union at three stages .
I believe that when the citizens ' initiative is implemented , we will ensure that is exactly the case .
The abolition of religious minorities from the Greek authorities , as happened in Pakistan in 2007 , is certainly a kind of practice .
We are working through the United Nations : only a month ago , the General Assembly adopted a resolution condemning the situation .
To use our guard not mean the leading role that Europe plays in sectors where we are strong , and lose capacity for innovation in areas that are strategic for our Union .
( GA ) Mr President , I am not a member of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy ( ITRE ) ; I should be , I would also like to be a member of the European Parliament .
And while this really sounds well and I would like to see it in principle , I see it , I see , for example , that the illegal immigrants , that the illegal immigrants are encouraged to use their mother tongue here , here , that the European Parliament is still using minority languages or minorities with criminal minorities , to include only in Member States , and not only to promote the use of the use of immigrants , but also to promote the use of immigrants .
Such accusations are an insult to the principles of international relations , as well as to the external human rights .
The vote will take place on Wednesday .
I hope that the conclusions of the EU strategy 's implementation of the Baltic Sea Strategy will allow the future role of macro-regions in the European cohesion policy to be very precise and adequately adequately .
The reports can nevertheless be a source of support for all those who fight for a different type of relations with the countries of the South and particularly with the countries of the sub-Saharan Africa .
This has led to many businesses and trade structures .
Since the start of the operation , 900 Palestinians are killed over 30 % of women and children .
The idea of creating a blacklist of unfair commercial practices , so that it should not only be the treaties between traders and consumers , but also between traders themselves , is commendable .
Furthermore , we need a change in attitude in general and the public to be more sensitive about corruption , which unfortunately is still part of the everyday life in the country .
It is necessary to be critical of the circumstances that have been made up to the ban .
It is extremely important for the Member States to support the organisation of international adoptions and thus , because such events provide European Union citizens with access to innovative research .
For this reason , I support the candidacy of Mr Barroso , but this support is not a blank cheque .
Of course , first and foremost , the human question concerns primarily concern , because , in no case , it should never be allowed to prevent human lives .
Thank you for your understanding .
( PL ) Madam President , the issues of genocide in Chechnya , the murder of using their authorities to use their organs in a <UNK> , and rape of women are repeatedly in this House .
We do not want to be more open , we do not want to go down our feet .
However , it is difficult to think that today , young people are only a step in Slovenia can not go to Europe or imagine its future in the EU .
The objectives are defined in the next MFF , while the Commission budget provides only short-term financial support .
However , this is already a fait fact , it will not continue to continue discussions on it .
Only then will we have a very small occasion of hope that the change was taken by a people who have suffered for decades in the <UNK> of the socialist dictatorship .
However , I agree that the European Union must resolutely impose the implementation of the plan of a new ceasefire plan agreed by President Sarkozy .
In the context of the current economic crisis , it is extremely important that social policy is in hand in hand with economic policy .
The issue of preserving species - and I would like to emphasise this - is not a question of a few small <UNK> <UNK> , without which we simply have to deal with .
On the other hand , the Presidency must pay attention to the abuse and reservations raised by Spain and Italy .
I am sure that the vote will support the compromise reached between the European institutions .
What is your position on this ?
I would like to point out that Article 8 of the framework of the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) for the Control of tobacco Control , which has hitherto been ratified by 26 Member States and by the Community , obliges countries to ensure effective protection from the workplace to protect the workplace and public transport in places and public transport .
As regards overcoming crises , we have yet made it clear that the need for a robust crisis management framework in the euro area and the Commission intends to present proposals for a permanent crisis resolution .
I voted in favour of the resolution on Roma integration based on the opinion that the European minority is a specific need for specific policies to be implemented quickly .
Indeed , we are saying that normally in poor areas is the health of danger .
We are against the Union for the Mediterranean .
We have been making assurances in four areas .
I will therefore be able to be less than usual , Commissioner .
Without strong and powerful EU competence with the common foreign and security policy , I do not believe that the United States and Japan will take the necessary steps and India to take the necessary measures .
We should be tempted .
The bureaucratic bureaucracy and the <UNK> flow of security measures will not contribute to security , but will create passengers .
In Kaliningrad and Belarus today , this is already being made in response to the demand from Central Europe .
( SK ) Mr President , although we pay attention to violence against women and violations of their rights for several decades , it was not possible to stop this form of criminal activity .
For this reason , I propose that the EU in cooperation with the Member States and regions to introduce a consistent , coherent and development plan that takes into account the environment , biodiversity , biodiversity and activities on the web .
I would also like to thank the Council and the President of the Court of Auditors , in particular , for having been present here , although it is particularly strange to see this .
Each of the speakers highlights how serious and dangerous it is the level of energy dependence on the European Union .
And we do not have democratic power nor legally develop a social Europe .
( ES ) Mr President , although the crisis is not in developing countries , they are serious and deeply affected by a huge wave of the huge wave .
in writing . - ( PT ) The resumption of negotiations in September between Mercosur and the EU is of an exclusive EU process .
Of course , this is not a economic recovery package .
They have a clear and simple response .
As we are not united country , there is no direct elections for the President of the European Union .
It is true that an agreement on capital requirements can be reached , but not also on hedge funds .
The Union currently has a sustainable nuclear power , with the nuclear energy being paid to 30 % of the energy mix .
The availability of information campaigns for consumer rights by using educational materials would also be a good idea .
This means that Member States do not recognise their citizens , in other words , quick , effective and high quality healthcare .
Now , in the Union , we have 27 Member States , no one has made it wonder whether this should happen .
But if we look at how it is and how it will continue in the future , it is clear that the results are not those that we need .
It is particularly important that the directive is applicable to digital products , as well as partly - for passenger transport .
These reasonable proposals are aimed at protecting the most vulnerable members of our societies .
We hope that this can be presented to the Council in a completely reasonable time .
The problem is that we have not received a concrete response , nor of the hearings , was some specific response .
It is important to take immediate measures and coordinate the humanitarian aid of the inhabitants of Haiti , more than one million people still live in camps that have been able to be temporary .
Such a programme will improve the state of the industry in North and South Ossetia , which will help preserve jobs and to fulfil our obligations in relation to climate change and , as has been mentioned earlier during the current debate on combating energy poverty .
The regulation is simply an extension of the period .
I am interested in the name of the Romanian people .
This is a very harsh and difficult condition that actually prevents the companies of companies such as a bureaucratic bureaucratic burden which have the aim of simply to make companies more aware of the principle that actually enforced the principle of practice does not always be so easy .
I hope that the revision of the legislation on the collection and processing of electronic waste of electronic equipment will enable the quantity of <UNK> materials , because environmental benefits will also bring economic benefits .
The fishing periods in which the fishing fleet is prohibited , which will correspond to the <UNK> of the <UNK> .
The debate is closed .
This is particularly important given the support it has received during the crisis .
It is therefore essential to support entrepreneurship and to alleviate the bureaucratic and fiscal difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises .
On the one hand , it must comply with its international obligations and ensure universal rights of the Tibetan community , but on the other hand , on the other hand , can not ignore the views of its enormous neighbour .
This is unfortunately , unfortunately , the <UNK> way out of the <UNK> of 2005 , which has taken real hope of a real change in the political dynamic Republic of the former Soviet Republic and which appears to be the <UNK> , along with events in Ukraine and during this time , the demographic demographic situation as a whole region .
However , there are other technologies that are not less dangerous , for example , the production of nuclear technology .
( EL ) Mr President , my question concerns the principle and the reason for my colleague .
Moreover , if the Commission received complaints from economic operators , that the provision of certain national administrations tax administrations is implemented , or has led to the most tangible results , it will take their legal guardian of Community legislation and take the necessary measures .
It focuses on the most important areas of the EU 2020 strategy which set the direction of Europe 's development .
We will therefore take into account employment criteria when we set out the scope for helping farmers .
Madam President , we have seen a <UNK> campaign of the religious religion of religion .
We are now facing the problem of the <UNK> ' system , which is another important principle that we must strive to strive for .
This report will not only bring tangible benefits to the people of the EU , but it will show that , as working together at EU level , people can benefit from individually from separately and live independently of their money .
Since the EU 's external representations , there is only one single ambassador of a new Member State .
It must be said that it is really important to implement the current legislation and be amended .
We have come to the size of the EIB 's lending .
You do not need to remind you of the terrible acts that have been carried out recently .
How are we going to negotiate with China ?
I thank the support for Bulgaria 's inclusion and Romania in the Schengen area .
The constraints on media , including the Internet , are unacceptable , and I urge the Egyptian authorities to restore all the communication networks without delay .
We were able to have good partners in this way that have shown reasonable flexibility and the same aim of the Parliament as the rapporteurs , in particular , to reach an agreement as soon as possible , by supporting our work and ensure that , a year , we have a year of the Treaty on the Treaty of Lisbon .
The independence of the mandate of the mandate of the European Parliament is a responsibility of Parliament ; independence can not be jeopardised .
The European Parliament rejects the Council 's financial budget cuts in the Structural and Cohesion Funds .
Financial supervision of banking institutions is also very important and I hope you can make progress and on this next week .
His <UNK> list has reached 200 victims of the victims of which took place in March this year : this is true .
We hope that the treatment will not be worse than the disease .
There should be no intervention in the economy , all the strategic services in the public sector should be ignored and take measures in the direction of deregulation .
A number of clear political measures to combat gender-based violence , including measures to combat trafficking in human beings , which I consider , particularly in the light of the early trafficking in human beings and in the EU , particularly in the EU and children .
Why do we not give the Union with new weapons of combating the <UNK> trend that affects us with children in an increasingly difficult age ?
I welcome the rapporteur 's proposal , which allows Member States to make free choice and allow them to grant the obligation to provide for the micro-entities responsible for this directive , i.e .
Mr President , this morning , the Council responded to the questions of the Spanish Presidency through the Spanish Presidency .
The Swedish Presidency has tried to go again with its road map , but this is still difficult for the Member States .
I will not repeat them , Commissioner Barnier , and , of course , I welcome the statement by you and determination to ensure that this regulatory framework is effective and applicable and , above all , that we do not violate competition at international level .
It is very important that the security of the Black Sea is included in taking strong action to strengthen democratic order , good governance and building a state capacity .
( SL ) I would like to express my agreement with the main objectives of our strategy , which is precisely not to allow the climate to be <UNK> by two degrees Celsius .
As a result , we are trying to establish differences between European workers and workers from third countries , this proposal increases the segregation of immigrant immigrants , increasing differences in treatment and inequalities in the treatment of life through vulnerability and the instability of their working conditions .
As far as the timetable is concerned , we hope a formal communication to be drafted for the Spring European Council , but I think it would be better to have the official conclusions of the Council in June .
Parliament can return to this first reading of the 2011 budget , which will take place in <UNK> .
The report also takes into account that the focus on investment is often made by the liberalisation of capital liberalisation and the refusal to control measures .
They are built or most natural .
It is obvious that the Commission and the authorities for Camp Ashraf will have a crucial role before all in terms of control and management of EU funds .
We must ensure that the regulation does not create unnecessary obstacles to the implementation of the citizens ' initiative , but that it makes it clear and more comprehensible .
Moreover , GDP can be misleading , in the sense that the austerity measures result in some events , such as accidents and natural disasters , are being considered as a result of the costs .
Mr President , in relation to the rejection of our interim agreement on the TFTP , we welcome the decision of the Spanish Presidency and the United States to decide negotiations to adopt fundamental safeguards for all EU citizens .
We are therefore committed to human rights in this country .
( DE ) Madam President , Commissioner , I am not <UNK> ' in relation to agriculture ; in other words , I do not believe the replacement of the <UNK> <UNK> and <UNK> <UNK> and pigs , as my life is quite different .
Our commercial banks have <UNK> into the terrible problem , because they buy bad debt .
It is estimated at the indicators that these factors should be given greater importance .
This is the most ambitious point of work carried out by the Council and the Commission .
However , sometimes in my country , I have spoken in my country and my colleagues in the party simply because we oppose the current government .
Democracy also requires our civil rights and freedoms never violate us .
Although it is difficult to imagine the erection of Hitler 's <UNK> , Stalin of Stalin has been subjected to a <UNK> Square in his own town .
We must also address the problem of market instability , but I would urge the emphasis to be addressed .
Respect for democracy in the area of external relations ( debate )
( GA ) That is why I would like to conclude with my Italian language , which states that good work has been done .
It is also the fact that , for example , the contribution of my country , Italy - Italy is now becoming less - <UNK> % of GDP .
Today , we can talk about the traditional and human culture in historical developed regions , but we can not say much about their existence in the developed regions .
It is therefore important that the Treaty enters into force and I can ensure that we can do our best to ensure that it is as soon as possible .
The conference was clearly shown in real figures coming from the economic experts that enlargement could be a pilot project in the EU 's modern history and that five years of this is clearly beneficial both for the old and new Member States .
Otherwise , these conferences would not reflect so much on the media .
We have also provided the addition of sugar in wine .
This is a matter of <UNK> <UNK> , which I am sometimes talking about .
I voted for granting discharge to the European Training Foundation for the 2009 budget for the 2009 budget and welcome its initiative to provide it with the discharge authority discharge for the Foundation 's annual audit report .
On the other hand , under such circumstances , competition rules must apply flexibly when this is necessary , without compromise , based on the principles that are established in this area .
The message of Egypt is a message for the whole Arab world .
When meat from meat in the EU are carried out by official services of the Member States ' official border crossings .
Firstly , it aims at the heart of the problems that have very small businesses in a economy where they are currently in .
The most recent prisoners adopted under this scheme can access to the EU Member States under EU law applicable national law .
All the defence of the rules of the CFP will not be established until we receive equality and fair treatment at the centre of inspections and production policy makers .
Mr President , it is good to hear that there is a need for diversity and multilingualism , but I would very briefly like to highlight one situation in my UK .
We must learn how we cooperate with other countries like Thailand .
That concludes the debate .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I must say that I fully understand the situation of the people of Pakistan in Pakistan , but I also want to say that this decision is a tragic solution for Europe , and particularly for some countries that have been experiencing serious difficulties , such as Portugal , Spain and Greece .
The European Economic Recovery Plan for the EU budget for 2010 EUR 2.4 billion available to financing energy projects , transport , the development of broadband networks in rural areas and to assist rural communities .
I and my colleagues in the Socialist Group of the European Parliament believe that the most serious dignity of this House , both inside and outside the outside of the European Parliament .
Once again , we need to look very carefully .
In fact , what you have said will do .
I very much hope that we will maintain ...
Madam President , Commissioner , over the last 50 years , the European project created so many efforts has never been the case today , as the European public is facing .
It seems to me that , Mrs Ashton , has shown itself to be a sphere of activity and its service should prove diplomatic pressure on the authorities of Pakistan , which must finally start fighting the fight against extremism .
It is the target of 20 % to make binding .
This is a mistake and I would like to be fully clear on this .
Ladies and gentlemen , these are high and we are therefore obliged to send out the confidence of confidence not only to the markets , but also to Europeans : confidence in our common ability to innovations and entrepreneurship and also to restore Europe 's ability to return competitiveness , and thus to growth .
Secondly , if it is not taken into account the Chinese occupation of Tibet , which is also the reason for the <UNK> of the Beijing Government on Nepal , it will be one of talking about to talk about the first world war without talking to murder the murder of <UNK> .
on behalf of the S & D Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , I would like to support the proposal .
I know very well that today is not an appropriate moment for this .
Now , another party was banned .
In the case of Romania , the implementation of cohesion policy allows the other EU Member States , particularly since all eight in my country , the region can benefit from the Structural Funds .
I can not accept fully analysis , but I agree that this is an opportunity to look at the future , but part of this is a step forward not only of Parliament but also of all the ACP parliaments .
In addition to all this , the preparation of compensation programmes is the Member States .
If the process is renewed , I hope that the perpetrators will be overcome and less probable , because otherwise there is a risk of a greater degree of luck , and this will take place as a permit for more than that kind of species .
I would very clearly like to state that the Commission will continue to support cooperation and ties with Georgia in many different areas , which will enable the country to take the opportunity and make it easier for the European Union .
The accounts to this and annual economic losses that only for Africa , for over 50 billion , are estimated .
That is why let us ask those of you who will follow my advice , vote against the first part in this vote in the vote , and then we will have a further vote for the oral amendment we have proposed for a amendment which I support .
The real <UNK> ' was not solved by banks , but with the European Union and with our desire to be united in the euro area and in Europe .
We have put these agreements , we have been negotiating them today !
When we recently heard the Istanbul of day and hear that millions of Greek and Greek Christians have been murdered in the 19th century .
We all are sending our best wishes .
It was more than what is , of course , essential .
For these reasons , I did not support Amendment 6 .
At the same time , it is regrettable that , on behalf of Hungary , it was not among the President Van Rompuy , because unfortunately , Hungary , did not participate in the Pact ' pact .
I would like to draw attention to the situation of women 's situation .
Our primary task is to maintain the system and to ensure EU citizens the same social standards that have had previously been before the crisis .
The targets we can fully identify with which we can fully identify intentions are being made , but we have not heard almost nothing about how these objectives will be achieved in particular .
We must therefore ensure that , in future , this percentage will become lower in order to make long-term interests and public health interests .
I will now make three final remarks .
It therefore abolished the decision of the Supreme Court , which has once again imposed a ban on the <UNK> of the <UNK> Hungarian Government to be congratulated up .
If we need to improve the collective rights of employees , whatever we are intent , this should not be done in relation to one kind of companies , but through an initiative that takes into account and different traditions in the Member States .
Here , I would like to mention some specific points that have been mentioned here .
I voted in favour of this resolution as I advocate the idea of security and cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) to make greater efforts to mitigate the human caused by global warming .
As regards the report on the transitional technical measures , I would like to remind , as some of the speakers have spoken , I have spoken about by myself and two other colleagues who have tabled amendments , intended to remove discrimination without scientific justification , and I stress that there are no scientific justification for discrimination against certain textile boats using certain fishing fleets .
We have also become a detrimental effect in this measure affected by the countryside .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on the work they have done on these reports that have been put to this House .
The cost of public debt , which is rapidly increasing , will be a burden for future generations and an obstacle to economic recovery and growth .
I believe that such a situation is the current situation .
Does the Commission intend to provide financial assistance to help these countries and economic aid , which will allow them not to fully assume costs incurred by the participation of illegal immigrants in criminal proceedings ?
We definitely move in the right direction , as we are trying to help small and medium-sized enterprises to benefit from the Community project .
The horizontal approach is important and I expect you will be able to hear how we deal with the other areas of real tension , such as the one that you have spoken about to Afghanistan , said that people really try to do in the region .
Mr Cameron or Mr Barroso ?
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
Indeed , I think it is now time that the European institutions are now taking a more serious account of the problem .
There is no <UNK> .
Although fisheries agreements between the EU and third countries should be accompanied by discussion in the relevant countries where the public organisations can participate , civil society organisations and national parliaments , thereby encouraging greater transparency of democracy and transparency ;
We therefore believe it is acceptable to take into account other indicators that could overcome these deficiencies so that the solutions for measuring social progress can be made as reliable and close to reality .
However , Nepal is not a sovereign state .
Firstly , we need better coordination .
It is a safeguard clause that I think is sufficient to prevent problems that may arise so far and you are quite clear or against the proposal .
We are currently negotiating with Commissioner Hahn about how regional programmes can be channelled more to the energy financial period - it has given its support for this idea - and how we can use the funding programmes to give priority to energy and the next financial period .
According to the legal procedure , the Council will adopt the text following the legal and automatic transaction tax , which the directive can be published in the Official Journal of the European Union as soon as possible .
The word <UNK> ' is it ?
As you know , there is good progress in the negotiations .
His reputation and its technical skills , we have been doing so during the very recent selection process , you have made an independent and active mandate in the authority under the authority .
The results of referendums in Denmark for the Maastricht , in Ireland for Nice , in France and the Netherlands and the Netherlands for the Irish and now in Ireland .
What you say is : yes , let us establish the treaty , but without a convention , so that the right of this approval can be put to the right of this approval .
They are not because they are <UNK> because they are not <UNK> out of a child 's <UNK> in this place .
The results are extremely severe , as we saw in the shores of Libya , and we must make sure we think about the less effective efficiency of our policies .
The lack of vision in the social sector is not only in terms of consumer .
The objective of competition policy is to guarantee consumer freedom of choice and access to lower lower and affordable prices .
Every country that wants to become a Member State of the European Union must commit itself to this principle and be a party to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , not least in terms of sexual orientation .
The problem of Slovenia in Slovenia affects controls because , following the internal borders , domestic borders , are already <UNK> to check whether the sale of lorries are <UNK> on the tariff crossings .
I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs and the shadow rapporteurs , as well as the <UNK> of the <UNK> .
I would particularly like to thank colleagues from the various committees who are responsible for the creation of this report .
In the European Parliament , we should achieve , first and foremost , balanced representation in the shortest possible period .
This will protect European production from counterfeit goods imported from countries which have <UNK> production .
However , we must not force too early , since the threat to penalties is not sufficient . We must ensure the necessary legal instruments for control .
Following the negotiations , the negotiations were announced for nine months , they were released in October 2009 .
You can not have noticed , but we have achieved very little progress .
The Turkish Constitutional Court 's decision on the Polish names of Polish names is only one example of this .
This specific context is characterised by three important tax havens .
This is simply unacceptable and requires action on all the sectors involved and countries .
Now that the Tibetan resistance lies in democratisation process is an extremely unfortunate pity that Nepal , in which many Tibetans live in the brutal abolition of democratic elections .
In some countries , we need a written agreement from the outside donor , while others are supposed to be able to have no objections , if there is no objections from the donor can be a supervisory authority .
The Joint Undertaking is in its start-up phase and , by the end of 2009 , it has not yet been fully flexible its internal control systems and financial accountability .
It understands the importance of collecting data and statistics , but I will assure you that he will listen to the concerns you have raised .
This will enable CO2 emissions , as well as improving energy efficiency in the medium and cheap way .
They can , however , lead to the spread of <UNK> <UNK> in <UNK> animals .
We must change this <UNK> to rebuild so : SMEs are too important to the fate .
Finally , I find it very important that the European Union is not only talking with one voice , but also that the behaviour that has taken in Copenhagen , and that the other parties like partners like partners like partners and with this significant contribution to Cancún success .
The demands will be as possible : there are a number of control and control mechanism and the idea of the EU TFTP mechanism is also presented to discuss discussion .
On the other hand , the European Parliament also proposed a list of requirements on its own ambitions in the procedures relating to own resources , and you also have the opportunity to deal with the European Commission 's declaration , which showed its own initiative will , in fact , continue with its own initiative and thus introduce the new budget procedure and the forthcoming financial perspectives .
This decision was correctly implemented and Parliament was kept out immediately afterwards .
I can promise you , on behalf of Vice-President Kallas , that we will improve communication with Parliament on these issues .
In contrast , the foreign policy of the government of Spain gives a good example , by means of a constructive , constructive dialogue caused by their opposition to their convictions .
We will not make progress through a more profound perspective to the country and the market .
The liberalisation of the markets , incentives for the mergers and phytosanitary demand and competitiveness in the food industry has led to the independence of multinationals , to higher prices and higher profits for capital .
That is the case at present .
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , I welcome this debate and thank the Council and the Commission for the information we have presented us .
However , I must say that the collapse of State debt restructuring debt seems to be the most difficult consequences for the financial stability of the financial stability itself in the euro area itself and , in general , the consequences and the effects of economic growth and employment .
The reason is , first of all , that we live in a <UNK> capitalism .
Moreover , Italian voters would have been forced to <UNK> the communists from the parliamentary arena and they have not already left the plenary in this House .
Spain and the Spanish Presidency know that the rotating Presidency in an extremely important moment for the Union and the UN on the protection and promotion of human rights in the world .
This means that the EU Court of Justice will have the competence and date to legislate two potential competitive disadvantage - the EU Charter and the Council of Justice .
All of this has been in relation to the vote on second reading .
As you remember , such a discussion was held in Britain .
I have been successful successful campaigns for this at national and European level for more than 50 years .
It should use all the means to strengthen civil society and help those who oppose the reconstruction of Burma .
We will have enough time to do this in this Chamber .
We must remember that the democratic development of Turkey is not so important for the EU as for the citizens of Turkey themselves .
It increases all other types of threats .
He says that , as part of this package , the Commission 's task must be made aware of the task of deciding ahead of the national parliaments .
The first thing that could be the most important for the Committee on Foreign Affairs and was also mentioned by the Commissioner , is the requirement of respect for human rights , including the basic norms of basic labour law , not to be covered by the granting of trade preferences .
( DE ) Mr President , the subject of the Lisbon Strategy was competitiveness and this has had a very strong unilateral economic strategy that , of course , partly failed .
At the same time , let us not forget the enlargement of the EU in a <UNK> for something that has no fault .
However , the creation of such a fund must inevitably be removed from the consumer , which means that passengers will have to pay more for tickets .
However , Commissioner , trade with Mercosur countries should not become a one-way street .
This was said by a former Head of Government , which has claimed its own country .
My biggest concern is that there is no proper impact assessment of the impact of the Commission and there is no clear indications what will mean this report .
The report calls for safer , more efficient transport , which <UNK> less .
( ES ) Madam President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , Spain , Spain has just experienced a more severe situation where a ship <UNK> ' and his entire <UNK> were subjected to blackmail , <UNK> and <UNK> risks .
Several Members have highlighted the fact that we are working on the basis of the 1999 term .
The energy used by buildings represents one third of the common energy used in the European Union .
In the past days , the Council , the Commission , the Commissioner , whom I have , in particular , had the willingness of Kallas , whom I thank you for his willingness and his very hard work during this period - and we have worked very much to respond to the very real economic crisis that has had a very serious effect on the entire economic crisis and outside the whole of the European Union .
We must renew our commitment to ensuring good cooperation between the institutions , such as in the past , in the context of the new institutional institutional framework .
European harmonisation structures for harmonised harmonised European standards on the basis of basic requirements : the compliance of toys are assessed and guaranteed by the CE mark guaranteeing a high level of safety standards in international standards .
We fully endorse the outcome of the vote .
The amount that we are doing is sufficient .
Apart from the introduction of a proper investigation system , many of the investigation , and the persecution of responsible for the most recent months - I have tried to say in recent months - I have tried to take every initiative in support and in support of the <UNK> and dialogue , on the one hand , and on the other hand , to offer new monopoly sacrifices .
They not only help stabilise farmers ' incomes , but also compensate costs necessary for the maintenance of the increasingly higher requirements that are imposed on agriculture .
There is no matter how much Member State is , nor does it know what or the size of the company 's parent is .
Have they learned the conclusions we have learnt from the financial crisis and the subsequent economic crisis ?
I therefore believe , and on behalf of the Committee on Petitions , I am thinking of closer cooperation between all the institutions involved , so that citizens are aware of what they are to ask for them to protect .
President of the President
It is obvious that such requirements need to be taken in respect of a country that openly violated the commitments made by it , namely respect for human rights and international law .
The citizens , like their politicians , want to travel freely .
Despite the strategies inspired by this fact , statistics indicate that young people are suffering from unemployment .
I hope that the new President of the United States , as he said in his speech in July 2008 in July 2008 , will give a great deal of value to these relations .
We know that this is a compromise between the institutions that comply with their promises .
The EU delegation in <UNK> <UNK> took a formal diplomatic step and were held several meetings with the <UNK> mission and arrested in Brussels to express their strong concern .
Thank you very much for your speech , too .
EU strategy for the Black Sea Sea ( debate )
While I accept the initiative of Mrs Reding on the boards , I do not support the initiative in which there is a risk of taking place in particular women .
However , Mr President , some questions remain in the package .
I agree with the rapporteur that the Agency should present a comparison of operations carried out in the year for the discharge , and operations carried out within the previous financial year , in order to enable the European Parliament to assess better evaluation of the Agency 's performance of the Agency for two years .
We simply had to take measures to solve the problems that are 12 million citizens directly employed in this sector .
The Danube Strategy is a common project in which all partners must fulfil their commitments to ensure that it works and achieve the objectives adopted .
However , we know that in some cases such cases , such solutions are not and we still need to use experiments with animals , particularly with the non-human primates .
This omission is an opportunity for the European Parliament to confirm its commitment to quickly implement such an instrument .
Many of the honourable Members have indeed raised this as a specific issue .
We have started in a very difficult crisis that began before a long time ago and there is a danger to continue .
My country , Austria , is particularly affected by its geographical proximity with the countries .
I therefore abstained from voting on this resolution .
I insist on your support for the return of the small return of his mother .
It is not good to say that we do not want a discussion .
The Barcelona objectives , as women have been said during 2007 's campaign , that they are useful for society and for children .
Attempts to create more stringent regulation and tighter supervision will not prevent any possible crises .
The implementation of international commitments made by Russia can also be implemented for a number of relations .
I hope that , in view of this , we will take advantage of the next few weeks to ensure that the first procedure is a success and not a failure .
We will give this day of the United Nations Day and the adoption of the resolution today 's resolution today , which are the valuable instruments that remind national governments for their duties arising from international treaties in terms of the abolition of all forms of discrimination against women .
It is therefore important for us to take responsibility for the treatment of religious minorities in our countries and encourage a open , open approach to all religions .
It is currently known that neurodegenerative diseases represent one of the main reasons why people in the age of age and that the number of people affected by these diseases are expected to increase considerably .
We certainly have a <UNK> proposal .
Moreover , it is more important that the Commission has not carried out an impact study on economic employment , so that we can take a informed and responsible decision on the new requirements for what is otherwise a possible restriction of emissions .
That is now in their pockets .
Since its creation , the Confederal Group consistently defends the rights of national minorities and considers any violation of minority rights .
Article 308 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union is aimed at measures such as part of the internal market , which are not directly provided for in every treaty and are not necessarily similar to those who should be adopted in the adoption of third countries .
Having said that , we can only welcome the fact that the Commissioner for fisheries and the sea flights , Mrs Damanaki , Commissioner , and the Commissioner for Trade , Mr De Gucht , are again along with the Commission .
It provides guidelines for how the European Union really can enter competitiveness , solidarity and good governance .
I particularly welcome the requirement and individuals working in <UNK> to take training in connection with disabilities .
Thank you very much for this information .
Mr President , at the start of the treaties of Paris and Rome , the European project is the aim of the <UNK> objective of the objective of freedom or democracy , and which is entitled to its ideology .
The European Parliament , the Council and the Commission have confirmed that the initiative for fair trade helps to sustainable development and introduces more fairness in trade , which is one of the objectives of the EU 's new Treaty .
It is therefore extremely important that the relevant stakeholders in the European Union commit themselves to collective efforts against cancer .
We must retain the current amount of EU agricultural budget by 2020 to provide incentives for farmers to provide us with safe food products , create the environment , create new jobs and guarantee the competitiveness of the EU 's agricultural sector .
This must be agreed between the Commissioner for Agriculture , and I also say that we do not agree on the subject of the commissioners .
It is estimated that the protection of the rights of individuals and persons have an adverse end to intervene in fundamental rights and freedoms .
In close cooperation with the Presidency and with the Member States , we continue to look at ways to the way we can make a best contribution to the crisis .
It is also regrettable that the subject of the meeting was raised about what will happen in the Middle East following the planned withdrawal of American troops from Iraq , which is a subject to the United States .
It is clear that we have a success in the <UNK> ' , ownership must be a common one , otherwise it is impossible to achieve a successful outcome .
They are the result of wars and armed conflicts , ethnic tension , conflict violation of human rights , as well as the ultimate religion , natural disasters , natural disasters and lack of proper economic and democratic structures .
Every country must agree on proper financial participation .
The implementation of the new method of the new method may have a negative impact on achieving a major objective of the reform of the CAP - support , which is a fair , balanced , balanced , simple and transparent .
It must be recognised that this was not the best solution .
The Commission will support good cooperation between Member States and constantly monitor the complaints made in relation to exchange information or collaboration .
The austerity restrictions are absolutely essential .
( GA ) I wish you every success in this important undertaking , Commissioner .
The Council and the Member States must make progress on this subject , otherwise we can hear one time : see , contrary , to SWIFT !
<UNK> can , to some extent , play a positive role .
If we are honest , we must recognise our historic responsibility for climate change and that our per capita per capita per capita is still in greater than those of China or India .
These are only some of the cases .
However , they must also be proportionate and ensure that innocent passengers - the vast majority - respect that they deserve .
It is crucial to agree that a future citizen of the Union has the basic right to travel to travel to the European Union .
The extreme oppression and threats and the outside of and instruments are at long overdue .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
In response to this , we also have adopted in the Committee on Budgets , too , that if we fail to improve the implementation of the programme , so that funding for the financing is to be carried out , we will need to rethink how much money should be available to the Marco Polo ' programme and whether part of the money should not be transferred to other programmes .
When this happens , we will <UNK> the hands of the day , but on next day , we will forget it .
If I express my opinion before the end of the ratification procedure , everything will be carried out under the Treaty of Lisbon and will have a commissioner .
After all , in the interview before the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' of 31 January 2011 , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , such as the entire <UNK> nation , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' , on whom I would have real influence .
The gradual payment of the Schengen base to save Northern Ireland than now , will save the industry , which is the brink of survival .
Of course , this action will initially restore the credibility of the European Union concerned .
The principle contained in Article 9 must therefore be found in all these documents and legislative measures so that they become unified and united .
As regards the overall subject of which you have spoken , allow me to say that this crisis has made more than five million Europeans unemployed unemployed .
( The President cut off the speaker )
I firmly believe that , as a result of the creation of the European Observatory , we will see this desire to be turned into the near future .
One of the issues raised in the networks of the next generation by ensuring that the old operators receive a fair return of investments , thus taking into account the most environmentally friendly risk .
- ( FR ) Madam President , first of all , I would like to pay tribute to the huge amount of work carried out by the rapporteurs .
Thirdly , coherence must be asked : we ask ourselves whether our fiscal system is complete .
I look forward to the European Commission to present us in the agreement assessment and will monitor the negotiations for the final Partnership Agreement closely .
However , I believe that it is a very important step that will make Europe and the European Union more united and more citizen-friendly , not to the needs of the politicians , but to the consumer or , in other words , those using different modes of transport .
The Belarusian authorities are responsible for the effective investigation into the operation of the facts and the trial of the responsible for responsible individuals .
Public supply in research and development activities in Europe represent the high rate of public supply as a whole .
Patients need to be informed about the procedures for access to treatment abroad .
I believe that the consequences of the use of a zone which has not been left behind in its natural position .
Look on how much it is today .
As a response to the criticisms made by the European Court of Auditors in the past 10 years , the Commission has addressed in the auditors - and this is reflected in the media - with the call to change its work so that the figure in order to achieve better costs for the EU expenditure .
Let us not delude ourselves .
We all believe that pressure on the Council must be exerted and we find ourselves unfortunately regrettable that he has already been blocking the clear indication of origin of origin .
The deterioration of the losses of EUR 100 million , which has been promised by the Commission , must speed up .
This requires us and be fair , both the involvement and involvement of other industrialised countries , so that this is not just a European project .
I know that in my own country , 20 % of young people are unemployed and the police who was <UNK> , was <UNK> , with the so-called <UNK> of the brain drain ' , which covers , among other members , members of my family family family .
If Member States are taking their stability and convergence programmes and , as well as their national reforms , we will have a really approach .
But there are problems .
<UNK> agreements - support for research programmes , for example , can claim the exceptional commercial practice that aims to undermine competition .
It is time for Europe to show that it is ready to protect its citizens in tragic situations .
We are talking about a common asylum area and about a policy of fairness , which we need .
These waste contain a <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> <UNK> and other chemicals and <UNK> , which are becoming dangerous in landfills .
The Council Decision provides the possibility for Member States which have not yet acceded to the Paris Convention , to do so simultaneously , while respecting the exclusive competences of the European Union enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon .
We have been given ample opportunities .
Indeed , while Europe wants to be pioneer in terms of health requirements , hygiene , traceability , traceability and particularly the social standards , the illegal immigration system of its highly qualified production ' , beef production , beef production and the excessive production of beef - is still in full compliance with the health standards and health standards .
in writing . - ( DA ) The German Conservative Party voted today voted in favour of the report on EU agricultural policy after 2013 .
I wish them well in a timely time and thank them for the work that has been done .
In the Council , many Member States have also expressed their concerns about the proposal .
However , its rules must apply to the functioning of the single market , the dumping , not to issues that are internal market for the national economy .
The European Union and Russia depend on another , as the Commissioner has confirmed , Mrs Ferrero-Waldner .
I have to say that , in two cases , these <UNK> , <UNK> and the company to earn credit rating , we are working on an option .
We must encourage the <UNK> limit , increasing the current limit limit for the <UNK> of a man and a year .
Madam President , I have great concerns about the dairy dairy farming in the UK .
We all share part of the responsibility for delays in the use of the funds .
Once the agreement is signed and you have a reputation with the translation and correction of <UNK> , then this will be presented to the Council and the ratification of the ratification of the ratification of the ratification of the agreement .
The main export sectors of exports which will be affected will include pharmaceutical products , ICT , dairy products , dairy products and other food products .
As a temporary measure and in anticipation of the legislative initiative , the regulation of the Commission will be taken into coordinating by the bureaucratic College , accompanied by representatives of the competent bodies of the Member States , the legal force of the decisions will be guaranteed by the state authority in which the agency is distributed .
It is hardly necessary to say that stability is necessary both for the implementation of political contacts between governments and citizens , and for the effective functioning of trade flows and commercial companies .
This can not be the end of history .
Canada is a very strong partner with our views , which has strategic ties , which has a long way , does not only go far away trade and investment .
Instead , the rapporteur has examined the basic rules for the internal market aimed at helping Europe 's transport .
There is only one way to save the European Union and it is to introduce yet another , immediately , in the midst of a model and in the model of freedom of the US press .
Let us not turn the door and the door to our eastern partners .
In addition to some new proposals , some of this budget will be reviewed after 2013 , for the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy .
The UN report stresses that a number of armed groups are being involved in the country are being supported by a well-functioning network that is partly the most vulnerable in the European Union .
The European Union must take seriously attention to the crisis of fish stocks .
If farmers are <UNK> and their efforts to compete with each other than compete with a strong retail sector , I know who will lose and who will lose this .
The second internal market system used for services used to be treated as helpful .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
It seems that this medicine has been caused the death of <UNK> 000 and severe chronic illnesses .
I voted in favour of the recommendation and the agreement on the table should serve as an example of the other negotiations currently being held .
However , the funding of assistance can not replace the commitment and actions of the government itself .
Firstly , as has been pointed out , the situation in general is very serious both in financial and economic terms .
It is not an extraordinary failure that Greece , Spain and Portugal , has decided by the authoritarian rule , to join us , and it is not a failure that , after the Gaddafi of all the Central and Eastern countries , the European Union , not any other option .
To return to the next step of this procedure , let me say that I consider the vote for a major vote to all the stakeholders in this process , especially the Council applies to the legislative procedure .
Is Member States no longer able to determine their own foreign policy ?
As I have just said , I believe that the lack of consistency and solidarity by the Council for the largest <UNK> <UNK> of a common asylum and immigration policy .
The protection and support of human rights in the Internet and the balance that must be reached between the privacy of privacy and security , are particularly important , but these are not issues that must be solved at EU level .
Mr President , having all want energy security , why is it not a fact ?
Secondly , measures to simplify the accounting rules , particularly in agencies that have been tabled and more cost-effective .
I am not sure that they meet the criteria of the EGF .
A large part of the work will be carried out in the summer and by the end of 2009 will have to deal with this list .
It is necessary to improve competition in the markets of rising and energy .
In the consultation process , we have also learned some other things , perhaps not so positive things : unlike the cost of the cars for the <UNK> of the past , the most recent years are actually improved in recent years .
We must ask why this happens , as it certainly has been possible to put forward proposals on other matters .
According to reports of information , the victims of <UNK> , the victims have been <UNK> for years , and it has exceeded their <UNK> , which subsequently <UNK> EUR 10 000 per European companies ' licence .
Otherwise , countries that are not the most competitive sphere of business can distort competition in the detriment of others .
This is not a request for the Socialists or the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , but our desire .
I would like to thank you once again for the priorities you give you the tax revenue to savings , and to support your efforts to encourage the Commission to promote good governance in this area .
The cost of the common agricultural policy is no longer used to the largest part of the Community funds .
The European Union 's image is creating a strong monetary structure , which is only being characterised by a economy and money .
We will continue to support the implementation of the mission of the 2008 observation mission .
Parliament insists on the <UNK> of the principles agreed by the G20 to ensure that the <UNK> of the monetary union has been restricted .
There is still a great deal of progress .
It is essential that we in the European Union take action .
This report contains a wide range of elements which cover the general area of energy efficiency in a very adequate way , although it contains routes that can achieve a successful achievement of objectives .
I also believe it is time to start thinking about a international framework agreement on the governance of the region .
The protection should be made .
If Turkey fails to meet this year , the VVD is of the opinion that accession negotiations must be frozen .
I welcome the success of the negotiations and the compromises achieved in the new framework agreement - the subsequent interinstitutional agreement between Parliament and the Commission .
Can you explain to this Parliament ?
Let us not forget the important contribution of the creative sector not only to the development of information and communications technologies , but also to economic and social innovation .
On the one hand , for other amendments , further negotiations will be required in the context of the trialogue .
This is particularly about the <UNK> .
I have heard the <UNK> of the external activities of the EIB , which are asking for more financial and human resources .
I am sorry but , at the start of the second question , it was not very clear .
It seems to me that we in this House believe that we have been the ultimate goal of the overall democracy .
The example of Portugal is particularly worrying .
Unfortunately , very often , the events are being taken for a short time , forcing us to break up the most politically correct demands here in this House who sometimes find a certificate of <UNK> .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
The report calls on EU Member States to develop mechanisms for combating poverty , which has a disproportionate offence , and I therefore voted in favour of the text .
His predecessor has already called on the UN Security Council to investigate crimes against humanity in Burma , as made in Rwanda , Bosnia-Herzegovina and Darfur .
Ladies and gentlemen , often , women are facing the choice of reconciling working life , particularly on the issue of motherhood , which ultimately prevents them from enjoying the most serious and mental health and mental health .
If we have to remain the <UNK> of our security , European countries must rethink their political and military commitments .
I see that any legislation at European level that is what we are going to raise this issue will create a new basis .
However , in terms of what we can do , we must be careful , however , even when we are talking about sanctions , because history shows that economic and commercial sanctions make it often stronger and not really do , they do not do the people and the poorest .
If the answer is , then , how can it be done ?
I voted in favour of the report on the proposal for a new regulation on this issue , because I agree with the objectives that aims to implement .
I am fully convinced that we must continue to participate in the European Union 's wider involvement .
The High Representative visited Syria , Lebanon and Turkey .
I agree with the calls for the opportunity to coordinate a strategy on international adoption , taking into account international conventions , but we must emphasise that , taking into account the interests of the child 's child , if there is an opportunity to give precedence in the country of the child .
Unfortunately , a large proportion of goods is produced in countries where there is no form of control over products .
Parliament imposes high standards of food producers .
Unfortunately , the European Police College , or the <UNK> , has become a certain number of here in the European Parliament , due to the <UNK> in illegal and the legitimate actions of its opposition .
The idea of bringing the national contributions to the Union budget was the result of the permanent opposition in the face of a group of opposition to the Member States who have been <UNK> by public opinion .
Composition of Parliament : see Minutes
The attempt to strengthen the development of strategic cooperation between the EU and Turkey , which is an urgent matter , with the process of negotiation , whose dynamic dynamism is also a cause of the most important cause .
( RO ) In my opinion , Chávez has been identified as possible the worst possible violation of the 20th century .
Support for authoritarian regimes , as the history shows , is not relocated .
Such labels apply to other European countries .
It is essential that the 27 governments fulfil the political will of the treaty , because , in its internal market , European institutions are actually <UNK> in fact the Community institutions .
Only one of the most crucial areas in Bulgaria can only be <UNK> , for example , the tomatoes that Bulgaria granted Bulgaria to Bulgaria .
There are opportunities .
That is how we can agree all ?
In particular , in the euro area and the practices of credit rating agencies have a negative effect and on the stability of the euro .
Finally , the Committee on Regional Development believes that the ENPI must be aimed at a balanced strategy between the banks and the south , with specific approaches and for both areas .
For this reason , we must encourage dialogue between universities and business , adapt to the labour market 's needs and emphasise the positions and experience that will enable them to find their job easier .
For the Irish , his Irish approval of the Lisbon Treaty has been granted , but at least they were the right to choice .
( FR ) Mr President , Mr Van Rompuy , I would like to share two things .
Nevertheless , the <UNK> of <UNK> could practically be carried out by providing broad access to vaccines and <UNK> programmes .
Furthermore , there must be an opportunity to decide directly to the institutions , in the event that European law does not apply to the European right .
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( <UNK> ) ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
You are <UNK> .
However , this can be adopted as a first step towards improving the current situation in relation to social protection for self-employed workers and assisting spouses .
The procedural rules on the parliamentary privileges and the <UNK> are not applicable and enforced in its immunity with Parliament rules in the field of institutional and legal matters .
We therefore have a section on labelling in our common fisheries policy .
The agreement is finally agreed , consensus was finally reached in the Council , which was not easy .
According to the conditions of this agreement , the Opel of Opel 's Opel has been given that they will be cars there will be cars from the new model .
I can also express this : let us replace a policy of incentives and sanctions with regard to the regime of sanctions and incentives for society .
We must do everything we can not do without them in this Chamber , Mr President , and we have a few excellent colleagues in this House .
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the <UNK> of agricultural devices or forestry tractors are doing , the proposal makes it clear that the proposal is restricted to the existing texts without any change in their substance .
As a serious serious consequences of the liberalisation of world trade , the resolution has been pushed to the opening up of opening up the markets between the European Union and China , I have tried to speed up negotiations within the WTO and that the new African and Cooperation Agreement between the EU and China should have the goal of establishing a free trade and fair trade .
In addition to this , I would like to emphasise the importance of including another priority , this European citizen .
The aim of the amendment to which I am sorry is to ensure that the way in which the areas of natural handicaps are found is relevant , and is based on the environmental areas , not to local units or <UNK> at the level , as is the case at present .
They were different geographical and <UNK> number of ideologies and crops , but they are being committed to the objective of preventing equality and justice , to participation in women 's social and political life , to sharing responsibilities , to the responsibilities of sexual and reproductive health .
Can the EU maintain strategic relations with a country that is so fragile and , particularly , bearing in mind our <UNK> concessions and aid ?
Above all , the main line : while we rigorously implement our recovery plan to emerge from the economic and financial crisis , we must think about the future .
It was very much placed on the people of the highest positions , Herman Van Rompuy and Baroness Ashton .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , as I am speaking about the first time before the new Parliament , I would like to congratulate you on your election .
We believe that all EU Member States must take stricter measures .
Among the various problems in the transposition of the directive , I would like to emphasise the fact that in the legislation of certain countries , some countries do not consider specific discrimination .
in writing . - ( PT ) All the countries that still remember their participation in wars know about the negative consequences of cluster munitions .
Our role as the European Parliament is to provide a strong and decisive response from the democratic countries to the actions of the Chinese authorities , such as the ordinary campaign for the <UNK> ' campaign .
Parliament and the Union as a whole have a whole to ask you and to thank you .
The European Parliament 's highest positions in the European Union ( President of the European Parliament and the President of the European Commission ) are elected .
We must make progress in our actions to harmonise the global market .
We have given the <UNK> of Memorial .
We believe that more effort should be made in this area .
Everyone has the right to freedom of religion , xenophobia and thought .
No , that is the case .
There is no call for the end of the occupation of Western Sahara from Morocco or the occupation of Israel 's occupation .
This is essential if we want to change the fragmentation of the global financial system .
I believe that the directive will also provide more bodies thanks to better cooperation and cross-border exchanges between individual states and that it creates Member States in a new way .
It is an important instrument against <UNK> .
In fact , in order to ensure that this derogation , which should contribute to job creation and wealth , will really benefit the local population and not harm the European soil and industry , it is important to predict its impact assessment as quickly as possible , and its suspension when necessary .
This decision helps remove barriers to the free movement of those travelling within the European area .
From the start of the crisis , we have demonstrated our determination to take the necessary measures to preserve the financial stability and to promote sustainable growth .
We have not achieved everything but much of the things are due to good cooperation between the Commission and the Council , the Council was very active , and between the groups in this House .
Iraq is the way towards democracy and therefore the European Union and the other countries must demand and , if necessary , ensure that the commitments made are respected and respected and freedoms are respected .
This report is based on data .
We therefore strongly defend our right today 's right to control because , in future , the Commission should build its plans on what is the legislator , not the legislator on its own data .
However , there are significant delays in the implementation of the programmes for the radio spectrum .
We have made the current proposals to send a clear message to the Council for having not been agreed with the pressure we have on MEPs , as well as with the intention of proposing the new procedures for incorporating the new European Parliament into legislative debates .
For example , on the minimum number of Member States , we should clearly make sure that the implementation of the procedure are laid down .
Agriculture must therefore be central to the debate in Copenhagen , and I hope that members of the Council and the Commission will not forget this and be our words in Copenhagen in December .
The situation in which they find themselves as a result of the neoliberal policy promoted by the European Union , one could make the most obvious sense of voting against the sum that <UNK> them is granted .
The initial directive provides for the European Commission measures for implementing the implementation , which actually meant that the adoption of the regulations are allowed without the agreement of this kind of text or of my own Parliament in the Westminster .
Industry also wants to produce the market more effective appliances .
For 11 years , the EMU and monetary union ( EMU ) , we can not see and admit that competitiveness and that the significant inequalities between the euro area are incompatible both in the euro area and with the stability of the euro area .
We can do this in the Dublin Regulation regarding the agreements on vertical agreements and we will be able to do this with the specific regulation for cars .
The coordination between Member States , the Schengen area , is , in fact , the cornerstone of the Schengen cooperation .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , the purchase and maintenance of the car are considered as one of the most important costs .
What will the Commission take in relation to the policy implemented by Turkey ?
This is not compatible with international human rights standards as a whole , nor do we do with women 's rights .
We have signed a peaceful agreement signed in 2005 , which ended this war .
By proposing new definitions of protection standards , the report establishes a fair balance between the protection of investors ' rights and the right of public authorities to regulate .
The global economic crisis has hit us .
We are protesting against Prime Minister of Kosovo , Mr <UNK> , for human trade , also shows that military crime can not be considered a vacuum .
The benefits of the <UNK> can be translated into four points : health , social , economic , economic and political benefits .
In addition to this , consumption is expected to increase the consumption by increasing the increase in imports will almost be permitted to import imports .
This regulation is in particular aimed at the problems of the major problems of the five countries affected by Romania - Hungary and the three Baltic States - and there is also a view to speeding up the absorption of funds in order to speed up the maximum flexibility .
The Danube Region , in particular , the Danube Delta Danube Region includes a number of special protected areas and territories with a special protection regime within the framework of Natura 2000 , which represents the sole largest ecosystem .
Documents received : see Minutes
The energy issue has already been different .
After EUR 24 minutes , we will start the discussion on the energy strategy .
We want to define the European Union 's policy priorities for the 21st century .
I would like to mention all of you that when we are faced with very quickly , the interpreters are trying to maintain connection with you .
The aim of creating a special committee on the financial , economic and social crisis was to identify the factors that led to the crisis , such as the EU has shown , which was not the most effective , and therefore , to draw up a future crisis and to avoid such situations , to prevent the economy and to overcome the final analysis that exist in certain Member States still exist in certain Member States .
They are ready to show the result of those who pay their pay .
At the same time , we are contributing to these programmes to be based on the assessment of the need for them to apply and apply in a timely manner , ensuring that the funds are spent effectively in order to promote the Community 's objective .
It is time for courage .
I wonder , Mr Tajani , who should be responsible to ensure that something really happens .
However , I must state clearly that the Commission will not be able to <UNK> with all the countries that are <UNK> as beneficiaries of the protection sites .
And I would like to say a few words about the implementation of the new rules .
This is an organisation that has <UNK> the human rights of Belarus .
Unfortunately , openness in terms of research in the Arctic is becoming increasingly limited than countries that have access to the North Sea .
We rely on you not only to give the votes to the large countries , but also to protect the whole European Union and the entire international market .
This responsibility also found in the answers made by Commissioner commitments , commitments and the various evaluation reports on February , organised February and June 2011 .
Turkey must be condemned to its crimes of the EU .
It became clear , then , that the great enlargement will continue to continue and include a few countries from the region .
I would therefore simply like to ask the Commission : now , having a simplified plan for simplifying the system , as I hope , Parliament was able to play a greater role in this debate and planning these new initiatives .
Colleagues , let us not delude that ordinary Greeks have no fault in what happened in Greece .
Unfortunately , in these circumstances , we must demand that the Commission equally show any respect for everyone and focus on our borders , to some cases where some Member States actually become more vulnerable .
Action taken on Parliament 's resolutions : see Minutes
The main legislative legislative acts in the area of asylum are the Dublin Regulation establishing the Dublin criteria and mechanisms for setting up a Member State which is responsible for the adoption of a request for the adoption of international protection Directive , the Directive on the reception standards that the minimum standards for the minimum standards should be considered as a third country for the protection of the Member States and the directive on the international protection procedures .
Indeed , 30 % of the EU 's energy consumption is a nuclear source ; there are countries where internal production is 80 % in which France like France and countries , for example , without nuclear power such as Portugal and Austria .
Following the result of the Irish referendum , we all hope that many will soon follow the ratification of the Czechs .
As my fellow Members , and I wanted to be sure that this resolution confirms the fact that this fact confirms the EU 's synergies with the countries in the area .
It is clear that the ideas of the <UNK> of Europe in the Left who clearly constitute a different position will be adopted .
We have enough enough .
There is a good balance between security and citizens ' rights .
This assistance must be provided without conditions or limitations .
We must be open to everything we need to do with the face of the crisis that will affect a particularly large degree of social issues .
This can also be achieved by providing better access to broadband Internet services .
I believe that is fair , as we must have fair proceedings in order to build confidence in our judicial system , and that is crucial - and this is to ensure mutual trust and prosecutors in neighbouring countries , which can not be achieved unless we do at a level of rights .
Ethiopia has experienced a dramatic disaster in the last few years .
This shows that Europe still lacks her voice in the eyes of Russia 's ideology .
With regard to trade , the high-level group has been looking at ways of integrating economic relations , such as the question of all the issues of interest and for both sides .
I welcome the motion drafted in our resolution to strengthen cooperation between EU Member States in tax taxation .
As shadow rapporteur , on behalf of the ECR Group , I have stressed this report , while I stressed the report , while the report was the importance of promoting SOLVIT among citizens of the SOLVIT network , especially the possibility that citizens of the European Union , particularly the citizens , and businesses , in particular , to protect their rights .
For this reason , I believe it is right and necessary to establish a joint commitment to achieve better results in the area of health and to achieve the development objectives relating to health , agreed at international level .
I must say that it is odd that the Council has so far rejected our proposal for EUR 150 million for the period - a bad and a <UNK> approach in these difficult times !
These cases have changed legal bases , as well as the procedures relating to them , which is quite demanding that it is necessary to review them .
Thank you first of all for the European Social Charter .
As regards monitoring the external borders , Frontex could organise a joint operation .
Mr President , Amendment 1 of the regulation on housing offers the use of the European Regional Development Fund for all Member States , not only for those who joined in 2004 .
This is already enough to get this <UNK> volcano , so that we can work without the weak financial reporting and the distrust of society to become a cause for the 21st century .
The image of blackmail by Greece , with which the Hungarian Presidency has firmly taken place , preventing the EU and the Council 's Council 's work .
This also provides good money for industry because their traffic increases steadily .
I would like to emphasise that high quality of lawmaking must be a priority of this House .
That is why it would be a little surprising that we have such a large ideological ideological ideological ideological differences on whether it is really reasonable to take money and spend so much money , which is actually monitored in many countries over the last few years .
The European Union must have a transparent and effective way of financing its policy financing , and I am ready - hopefully with Parliament 's support - to <UNK> this battle while we are going through the budget of the Union .
The economic and financial crisis has led to increased deficit in global level , which is , in turn , increasing the importance of resources allocated to the public budget allocated to the public .
Why was we need to improve this directive ?
Therefore , because of all these <UNK> reasons , we are calling for you , Commissioner , if possible , if possible , we will be able to go further in this evening evening , not to go into and promises like we are doing a joint action plan - your action plan - so that our citizens can be <UNK> .
Because of its location , both countries will participate in the strengthening of controls on airports and the limits compared to the maritime ports compared to the maritime ports .
However , let us ask the following question : what will it happen if these immigrants in Europe are going to be in Europe ?
So we can reach an agreement , and that we can reach an agreement , and that this new procedure can be successful .
You have been <UNK> !
In this respect , I must say that the refusal of the Council and the Council to allow the European Parliament to participate in creating a sustainable definition of the regulatory indicators , not seems to me to be the right approach .
At the same time , the system is based on the assumption that air traffic will continually increase , but I am voting in favour of this report , because its positive industrial industrial industrial countries above all over the negative .
I will vote for the joint resolution precisely for this reason , because it is critical of the protection of democracy at all times , and because it is not intended to put a stop to the end of a milk regime , in my opinion , the Chávez regime .
I therefore believe that the Commission must analyse the creation of an effective monitoring system , strengthen the methods of checking and enforce minimum safety rules within the European Union .
The European Parliament must regularly receive information on the current situation of these systems .
So these costs are quite significant .
The ozone in the ozone layer is the most dangerous <UNK> , so that we do not <UNK> .
It remains to be carried out and transpose into the Lisbon Treaty , in the form of a Multiannual Financial Framework and the new interinstitutional agreement .
The policy of innovative and professional measures , such as promoting the use of green vehicles or the development of the programming programmes for the planning of the route , play an increasingly important role .
The biggest challenge facing small and medium-sized enterprises are currently facing their capital and funding .
In this context , it is also in mind both the financial and economic crisis .
The right to media media funds in Hungary ( debate )
Commissioner , our climate and energy package must be combined with realistic financing and we expect at the summit in March - following six weeks ' time - our 27 countries ' 27 countries and governments are not showing the backs of us , EU citizens and communities in the world that are most vulnerable and in climate change .
The European Union itself itself is currently taking place at the moment of food production , which could significantly improve the situation and really be a real measure for combating hunger .
Everyone must therefore assume responsibility and ensure that illegal timber are not sold in the EU .
Also , the number of lorries left in Gaza , we have continued since the start of military operations .
The abolition of a company company , the <UNK> and Internet services , their staff , do not negotiate with Romanian citizens .
This factor must not be ignored , as it affects the stability of Eastern Europe and the security of Europe .
It will be true if we say that the creation of the SOLVIT system in 2002 was one of those events in the history of Europe as a united continent that did not draw attention but with the time of time has led to a small outcome .
This can be something as a European Union of a firm currency in a fundamental European Union where national economies are not responsible for convergence , would not be dictated by the euro area .
The next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
It is time to consider the possible measures that we will have to take over the coming days and years .
We must rethink our <UNK> on the global carbon budget .
It is enough to set as an example of the Schuman , which was <UNK> and which managed to become the European Union 50 years ago .
Everyone <UNK> for the <UNK> army ' .
This problem will <UNK> again in some year .
I agree with all the parliamentarians who have highlighted the problem of the prisons in Europe .
I believe that Europe can make the circumstances in these countries .
The European Parliament overlooks the legitimacy of a national parliament , which is not a <UNK> law .
What feedback is the Commission receiving the treatment of passengers and what guarantees can it give to its airlines in accordance with the legislation ?
I think the motion for a resolution is a very balanced text , as it is all the most detailed questions that I have mentioned , and I therefore voted for it .
I consider it timely and the recent crisis in the dairy sector , which harm so many farmers in the European Union , certainly is a serious sign of the most serious damage that can affect our agricultural markets .
So , as we talk of the situation in non-EU countries and for the freedom of Christians , I would like to remind the House that we must first put our own house .
However , the European Commission must evaluate the impact of the agreement to 2020 , as well as the aid programme , with possible recommendations to continue to continue and provide additional financial assistance .
In other words , it is currently up to Portugal to accelerate international agreements to accelerate judicial cooperation , including on matters concerning the storage and destruction of the ship , as the Community considers that the Community has partially exclusive competence in these areas .
This management has far removed the introduction of order and victims that go hand in hand .
We have also chosen to choose , Mr Barroso , I expect to hear one sentence from you .
Without it , Europeans from Bulgaria and Romania will continue to feel excluded and discriminated against .
Finally , we propose our full support for the democratic transition process .
So , by new September , we hope that the Commission will adopt a serious opinion of Parliament .
It is positive that the Commission will also present a proposal on the question of own resources in spring 2011 .
The climate changes threaten to destroy the <UNK> of this kind , and there is also a rise in trade in trade with parts of polar bears .
Last but not least , I would like to emphasise that older women still have a victim of different forms of discrimination in terms of gender and age .
I would remind you that nuclear power is 7 .
( DE ) Mr President , I am obliged to remind you that you have given me the floor .
At the same time , we must not forget a number of important things when we are following our response to the strategy .
Monetary union would always have been difficult without significant steps towards the economic union , and I think that the United Kingdom is not yet going to join the eurozone .
At the same time , however , we are taking many promises to the international arena for reducing carbon dioxide emissions - with a little <UNK> % CO2 by 2050 ; we also promised to eliminate the environmental damage to 2020 ; in the context of the WTO , we are also addressing how to remove the fish that are subject to fisheries subsidies .
I am pleased that the text we have recognised us to recognise the efforts that have negotiated such agreements with the European Union .
Can I ask a few points , as we need a few moments for thinking and clear information .
The report highlights some of the problems relating to nuclear energy and decommissioning of nuclear reactors , and for this reason I voted in favour of it .
From this perspective , the Eastern Partnership programme is of paramount importance , as it can guarantee a distinction but clearly establishes close ties with these countries .
The various areas of policy such as budgetary policy , internal affairs policy , internal affairs , but the most important thing is the foreign policy .
I supported the proposal for a regulation precisely because it is ensuring clear and reliable information using the CE mark on the market of construction products , construction products represents a so-called free market that can provide protection for small and medium-sized enterprises .
Mexico acts within our strategic partnership agreement , and therefore there are already results that enable us to see if we are doing well - as we want .
This proposal is a balanced and calls for the development of a wide range of instruments intended to prevent people from the rules that cover issues such as matters , transparency and accountability of companies , the right to protection and fair trial , I am not so far as the proposal in the United States , where the level of excessive losses result in the loss of loss and job losses .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on the recent earthquake in Haiti .
I must add that , in the <UNK> , I mean that it will also pay their part .
It is therefore necessary to change the immigration policy , so that the people of the economic stagnation , from the <UNK> , can remain home , with international aid being held hostage , so that these countries can become political and stable economic .
Now it is time to shift its ratification from Ireland to the Czech Republic .
( DE ) Mr President , Mrs Malmström , Baroness Ashton , ladies and gentlemen , I am a member of the Delegation Delegation with the informal Council , in other words , the Palestinian Parliament .
The two reports will take place on a lunch March today .
( PT ) Mr President , it is unacceptable that , in the current serious economic crisis in the euro area - the result of the neoliberal policy and the lack of solidarity and economic cohesion and social cohesion , not to support the current European Union 's current policy on its financial change .
I therefore think we need to ask the Commission to carry out an impact assessment .
I hope that the Council will be sufficiently flexible to legislate on time the start of the next season , which can develop bluetongue .
This resolution confirms the need to draw up the sum of this sum , which has already been used to Kyrgyzstan , in particular , to respond to the most pressing appeal of the United Nations , which seeks to spend USD <UNK> million , for aid needed .
Other important topics are the placing on pesticides of pesticides , research into this area , and all steps taken towards reducing the impact on pesticides and the environment while maintaining their efficiency .
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( vote )
In order to negotiate the agreement and manage the process of integration , the European Union must start from defining and recognition of its own interests .
We must support the Chinese problems .
You could then put it public .
The Commission encourages the <UNK> of care to care in the community and work in closely with Member States , and in particular , with the authorities of the European Social Fund and the European Regional Development Fund and with NGOs in this area .
I hope that , after all 26 elected parliament , the parliament decided their decision , the people of the executive will not keep the democratic process by refusing to set out their signature .
The importance of Parliament , the Lisbon Treaty , has been based on the new Treaty of Lisbon , this is also a necessary step .
In July 2007 , a public consultation was opened under the <UNK> <UNK> Charter of the European Charter of Energy Charter .
In addition , a disaster for millions of people , a failure would have been a failure in efforts to reform the international community and to pursue joint action in the area of humanitarian aid .
Around 80 % of the energy used in the European Union is produced from fossil fuels .
Together with the so-called 'economic governance ' , this is an attack on Member States that are in a position of economic and social terms , and in fact , would undermine these countries ' economic dependence and intensity .
I know of the concerns expressed by some of you , on the introduction of a compulsory rule of law ' or <UNK> response to combating copyright infringements and piracy .
We are pleased that in the programme of the Trio Presidency , a great deal of emphasis on the one hand , on the implementation of the Beijing targets , and on the other , on the other , the intention of a more ambitious approach to preventing and combat poverty and children .
What I have tried is the following : the imposition of competences is one thing , and cooperation is something else , especially , cooperation , need to improve things in Europe .
That is something we need to look for in the whole of the European Union .
The decision by the Conference of 17 September 2009 on the use of a special committee to draw up a detailed analysis and to prepare proposals for the introduction of sustainable , sustainable crises of financial markets , deserves support .
The population of the island is struggling with a cholera epidemic of cholera , 10 months after the earthquake , and international observers are put into question the legitimacy of the presidential and parliamentary elections .
Otherwise , how will we maintain competitiveness in the EU if we eliminate one of the best instruments for promoting it , and what solution will we find if we find tax without the agreement of all Member States ?
We must draw your attention to the fact that some Member States , including the Czech Republic , has shown the transposition of directives in their national legislation .
It is absolutely essential to respect the Treaty of Lisbon , as it states in Article 5 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU ) , that Member States are obliged to do - that it is better or desirable - to coordinate their economic policies and employment policies , and employment policies can coordinate their social policies .
The responsibility for responsibility is vital in the process of reconciliation .
Firstly , too , the rapid abolition of the Community system can and will have serious consequences for some of the African , Caribbean and Pacific ( ACP ) countries which still export bananas .
But , as you know , this is not mandatory under the directive .
Of course , it could also have been possible to allocate more funds for the dairy sector , as suggested that representatives of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats , but it is good that at least part of the funds in this budget were earmarked for this .
We have shown that these elections will be more democratic than the previous elections .
After 15 years , it will reach 34 % .
The availability and double energy right of water is widely recognised by the deep and peaceful , religious and religious movements .
I voted for the recommendation on the energy performance of buildings because it promotes the goal of achieving approximately zero energy consumption for buildings .
We really believe that this approach will lead to certain specific measures .
The corruption of corruption must not be paid by the innocent people who live with <UNK> and who are threatened by tuberculosis and malaria .
I also welcome the call for the financing of access to funding because , in the current economic conditions , access to funding , it is crucial for survival not to mention small businesses .
We need financial stability .
The European Conservatives and Reformists Group voted on , which I did not support was rejected .
( PT ) The Lisbon Strategy has been one of the main instruments of the European Union to promote financial deregulation , the liberalisation of public services , liberalisation of the markets and world trade , deregulation of labour and the violation of workers ' rights .
The work we had to do in this regard has been very successful and was very successful .
We will set our common intention of preventing protectionism at national and international level .
( GA ) The volcanic ash did not recognise any political borders and physical borders for this time , once again , we have reminded us of the nature of nature of nature .
Experience from the implementation of the system , the recommendations of experts and the concern expressed by the institutions and by bodies , can help us overcome certain problems .
We will have to continue to protect the rights of the Internet and , above all , to make them better aware of them .
Thank you , Mr President .
It is the ambition of Estonia to adopt the single currency despite the crisis , which has left its footprint and on it .
In this context , we must not ignore the fact that the system that the system that must allow social security schemes to enter the countries of the European Union to restore each other , not working , and that in the years , debt debt debt costs .
The conclusion and conclusion of fisheries agreements in the EU 's common fisheries objective for maintaining and preserving its fishing activities .
I believe that we must remain vigilant and prepared for any emergency situation that could happen in Europe .
On the contrary , we have a public recognition of the <UNK> that was the <UNK> , and which was therefore not because his conscience was not <UNK> <UNK> , recognised that it was a <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
What Europe needs is united today and take strong action , not further division .
The referendum itself is an example of its success , despite the <UNK> <UNK> .
Such changes can only be able to help the European Union , in terms of both finances and expertise , and they must be available to everyone in order to ensure the safety of patients .
We will also reflect the food security in regional dimension .
However , we must ensure that these proposals are more than a political actor and take action to implement them as quickly as possible .
We will try to have the need to be more transparent and to the rights of MEPs to fulfil their responsibilities and vote .
This is totally unclear when science should be held when the measures should be taken to control and when it should be taken political action .
Unfortunately , in the area of external relations , which currently holds the Presidency , can not create a programme for external defence , common defence or security , and therefore , honourable Members , do not have any other choice , to support Mrs Ashton 's work with many difficulties .
I would therefore call on both the Commission and the Council to ensure that the Transatlantic Economic Council will receive all necessary support , because it does not automatically be possible .
( PL ) Madam President , the two <UNK> to the European Union has led to significantly the alarming presence of the Community within the Community .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , the European Parliament has made an essential contribution to the efforts made by these agreements , and for this reason , the full and regular information must be given full and regular information on all the events relating to PNR .
I have said : in paragraph 12 , where there is talk of Macedonia 's <UNK> , the text should be a <UNK> of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ' .
( DE ) Mr President , Baroness Ashton , ladies and gentlemen , we need a common foreign policy , the CSDP , but let us use it to achieve the world without nuclear weapons .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the subject of agricultural production is of key importance in terms of providing information to the consumer 's consumer and the characteristics of products and the characteristics of the guarantee that the products of the European Union is synonymous with high quality of the various traditions within the Union .
We managed to reach broad agreement and I would like to express my thanks here , before the President of the Belgian Presidency , which has had a direct contribution and a significant contribution , particularly through the active participation of the Minister in the last II , as well as the Commissioner who was particularly helpful .
I believe that the correct disposal of waste electrical and electronic equipment ( <UNK> ) is extremely important .
The financial crisis and the crisis has revealed the gaps in the operation and control of the financial sector .
The instruments are also crucial to financing initiatives which aim to prepare Europe to prepare for the situation following the crisis , such as activities to build capacity in new areas and new technologies for Europeans .
However , in order to ensure the transitional provisions of the transitional provisions of the transitional provisions , it must be the immediate proposal and approved by the regulation of the regulation governing the multiannual financial framework of the European Union and the Financial Framework regulation .
This is the key to the Europe 's climate policy and its climate change policy objectives .
If war really did so far , it is essential that Sri Lanka is focusing on the <UNK> of disarmament , <UNK> and <UNK> .
I supported the report on the European youth strategy , as I think it will be vital for young people in employment with full-time work in the coming years .
This law actually deals with the use of these languages as an opportunity and sees this opportunity only in a negative way , not as a positive right , by taking it into account it as a right that can be avoided and in everyday life .
At the time of the current economic crisis , it is therefore essential to use EU funding for the EU 's <UNK> programme for helping the most disadvantaged people in the European Union ' .
I hope that the same thing will not happen in the future of health services .
He was <UNK> , but his services and his lawyers said that such something can not be achieved .
This proposal provides savings with regard to the scale of the financial , human and technical means .
This cooperation between the Commission and civil society strengthens a wide range of issues from political dialogue to governance both within the European Union and in the Mediterranean .
We must therefore avoid any direct , <UNK> roads in their attempts to meet their energy targets .
Until now , significant progress has been made with regard to the technical preparation of the proposal .
We have just had a year since 2008 , as a European Year of intercultural dialogue , and I think this dialogue has just been launched .
However , this instrument has been announced because you have made personal efforts , partly in the face of the opposition of the opposition , the German Government and your own partners - in Germany , to ensure that this happens .
However , this measure is not sufficient - a culture of nuclear safety is needed .
The next question I would like to mention is access and sharing the benefits .
I would like to call on the Commissioners and Mr Füle to present information on the European Parliament on the progress of the negotiations and the results of this group .
We are tempted MEPs and instead <UNK> in the North .
This will create a fairer system of 'polluter pays ' principle with the proposed guarantees that will ensure transparent market and prevent discrimination .
What happened to Hungary , as it was necessary to achieve , was provided for the country 's country 's country to provide additional EUR 20 billion , which has not happened with other economies .
We have been shocked by the first day , which I think is important .
In relation to tuna fishing , we have a <UNK> example of the rules on origin without taking into account the conditions of the New Guinea and Fiji , which is in the service of our main competitors , Thailand and the Philippines .
This report is devoted to preventing and the prevention of macroeconomic imbalances and recommends strengthening supervision .
Many businesses are even more serious , as they receive less than <UNK> , while their production costs are at least 40 cents per litre .
Against the background of the situation in the entire region and work on it should be assessed positively .
The Europe 2020 strategy 's objective must be effective at the successful European employment initiative , for example , to strengthen the flexible schemes , especially by <UNK> , training or retraining workers , training and to assist workers , and to obtain skilled employment and to employ self-employed workers and employed self-employed workers .
Of course , the Tribunal can not continue its work long .
This is what is true because we are not talking about the benefits of the world 's economy after the millions of jobs - the millions of jobs in green energy , better <UNK> houses , public transport .
I also welcome the principle that the European Parliament should have a common air traffic system in order to provide the possibility of reducing travel .
In practice , this will even exacerbate environmental standards .
I agree with the rapporteur that members of the Committee of the Regions must declare their financial interests by showing accurate information on professional activities , the examination of the assessment .
Extending the period of maternity leave to 20 weeks ' time is a <UNK> friend .
Dates of forthcoming sittings : see Minutes
This way was blocked a year ago , and it is responsible for your political group of your political group , along with others .
After all , we have made social change .
I would also like to mention the timetable .
In order to enhance health care systems in sub-Saharan Africa , it is extremely important for the European Union to work with the rest of the international community .
These are those in Portugal , like the Portuguese Communist Party , who , in rejecting this referendum , have chosen a referendum and a broad national discussion on its very serious consequences for Portugal , the world and for peace as a whole .
We are faced with the challenge of making the European economy more competitive and I believe it is unacceptable to create a burden that will result in the loss of capital from Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am voting for the motion for a resolution on the situation in Africa .
Innovation can not have a reduction in workers .
Finally , we must not forget and support the necessary support for civil society as guarantor of democracy , which must not only be treated towards procedures , but also be truly transparent .
in writing . - ( PL ) Up to now , in various legislative periods , resolutions are represented at the European Parliament 's climate change issues .
For example , we are talking now about taxation of the financial sector .
Colleagues , your friends in this House will undoubtedly call for Europe , and for greater protection .
The activities identified by the network represent a very useful foundation for the work of the Commission .
However , I would like to emphasise clearly that the Treaty of Lisbon came into force and this strengthens the role of the European Parliament .
At the same meeting of the Council , we agreed that employment is an important factor in avoiding social exclusion .
In fact , Prime Minister , Prime Minister <UNK> , rather <UNK> , rather <UNK> of the European solidarity idea .
We have a duty to prevent the allocation of funds or State aid in a Member State which has the result of a loss of jobs in other EU regions .
I would like to remind honourable Members that in almost all the agreements on trade and cooperation that we have concluded since 1995 is a clause for human rights and there is one that I think that the parties have already been concluded .
The Commission has highlighted the measures that we consider urgent need to be urgently needed in our communications on energy by 2020 and energy infrastructure .
The longer is over a year and a half a half .
We now see what the result .
We can protect our <UNK> <UNK> and prevent our public from our public and only if we remain faithful to the values of democracy and the rule of democracy .
We must not ignore the fact that a significant proportion of resources are channelled to those countries such as public development aid , ultimately , in the end , the countries of origin in the form of goods and services .
It can not be proven that Italy has shown a willingness and commitment .
I abstained from the report because it calls on the European Social Fund to be reformed and strengthened , but it puts it into the EU 2020 strategy .
On 30 January 2009 , the Commission adopted a new regulation on textile fibre names and related labelling of textile products .
Regarding the last question , I must ask you to remember the patience , as I can not give you a <UNK> answer .
I would like to address here the need to support the regional dialogue at regional level as an important element in the European integration process .
As such events are rarely apparent , it is necessary to carry out an analysis of the causes and find solutions that prevent them from preventing them .
Just because the collection of waste to every two weeks is the direct consequence of the EU directive on the waste of waste , which was supported in this Chamber by the British Conservative Party and by the conservatives .
That is one level .
Even if it is only vote at first reading , this is an important result , as a result , as a result , as a result , as many work in recent months with other national delegations and other political groups .
Why ?
However , much of the other things are important in the problems .
The importance of stabilising the stabilisation and Association process in Serbia and support for the strong Afghan Government is unquestionably clear .
I would like to talk about two or three things .
The three journalists apply to the pay-as-you-go system that requires them to take the position of the government .
I believe that the adoption of this report will be a significant step forward towards a new partnership agreement between the European Union and Russia .
( RO ) The microfinance facility for employment and social inclusion should help simplify simplified procedures so that the affected of the crisis can benefit from it in the strongest possible way .
This is first of all among our priorities .
( LT ) Mr President , this discussion is very important , but very close , I think .
Why do we have the problems caused by poor , not say nothing about the rich suffering from the rich ?
I voted against a motion for a resolution tabled in Parliament today , for the same reason why the Greens did not support the Commission 's Green II : because of the lack of ambition .
( CS ) Madam President , I have just voted against Austria in <UNK> to get rid of a <UNK> <UNK> , where a unique unit for a Europe - a nuclear power station , built into a nuclear power station .
Finally , I would like to say that the ΕΜΑS and the Ecolabel are exceptional initiatives .
Together with the UN , the EU must act and act in these cases to prevent violations of international law with such serious consequences .
These people need a <UNK> like food , water and water , and also need technical assistance .
If you look at your feet , Mr Barroso , and you have only worked in 79 % of time , there is no doubt that there will be a minute in some time .
The Council encourages Croatia to continue with the efforts to resolve all the bilateral bilateral issues , and particularly border disputes .
The real dialogue on such an open dialogue is the most important interest we have to develop our relations , our most important interest in global peace and stability .
Globalisation can be a <UNK> , not the <UNK> .
We must therefore strive for a breakthrough .
In addition , it calls on the Commission to speed up the minimum food imports , which I do not agree with .
Just as Mr Barnier said , it is most important that the credibility .
All the Heads of State or Government agree with this need and the fact that it demands limited modification of the Treaty .
It must reflect the realities of the current cooperation with Russia .
( ET ) Mr President , I also voted in favour of this report , as it introduces the same level of simplification and mandatory requirements in terms of quality and standards used to the organs used in all Member States and to ensure the protection of donors and recipients while also promoting cooperation between Member States .
However , the second argument has a point of regard to the situation of the people of Afghanistan .
This requires Parliament 's participation .
I would like to tell us what she thinks would be appropriate in the future .
We must also provide information , debate and debate .
This underlines the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
For example , there are over 200 000 <UNK> 000 who can not even receive fundamental education in the <UNK> language .
In future , Member States will have to ensure that the accuracy of the statistics collected are met in order to achieve quality results .
It is extremely important that violence against women not only take a crime in terms of women or the social democrats of the family , but we also know clearly with the costs that take place in society as a whole is increasingly important .
Subject : Establishment of a European authority for evaluating the creditworthiness of the creditworthiness on the creditworthiness of the creditworthiness Authority (
I just wanted to announce this to know when you go to the relevant vote .
These products leave the market and should be subject to market laws in them .
I suggest that , in this case , we have taken a clear message to the European Parliament of April 2009 : we need a clear and strong message that the EU really is concerned about the life of 34 members of the Iranian opposition , and no longer willing to stop their perpetrators and their dignity .
Half from him , the Palestinian Party , has found that they are being discriminated , whatever they are , but the other half , the other half , have been unreservedly .
On behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance , I welcome the fact that the Union invests hard in improving the death penalty , but we must not stop now , when we deal so well .
The online programmes available to the Internet should be guaranteed for consumers and in a way to sell the stakeholders involved .
It is clear that democracy continues to be a consolidation process .
On the other hand , the Group and the distribution of the portfolios and the portfolios of a man who is important to me as a lawyer , I am also aware of the issues of freedom of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs and Home Affairs , which is linked to the General Affairs and Home Affairs Council , which deals with matters on matters and security issues .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , today 's economic crisis is a crisis of the disastrous and the <UNK> of capital .
One of the most important steps is to start by encouraging the economy and small and medium-sized enterprises as quickly as possible .
From this point of view , it is not enough to say that the problem is the car industry and that we have been so much debated and discussions .
I will take advantage of the time allotted us from some of the Members who have been starting with delays and are currently taking their seats to pay tribute to those services that have not been <UNK> .
We will do it for 50 % of our population , for 50 % of our citizens , and we will achieve success .
The economic crisis and the reduction in budgetary resources and human resources have led to some countries to the closure of many schools , particularly in rural areas .
Today , we are told that more producers should be forced to pay and that the money that will be reimbursed - this will be used in the text - they will be used for producers who have been <UNK> .
This will also reduce the environmental damage .
I believe that there is a need for more stringent capital requirements for the financial institutions in the medium and qualitative terms .
These are the two aspects that we in the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) believe are right .
Following the discussions between the two parties that were <UNK> with suspicion , mistrust and contradictory , and the intervention of the European Presidency and the Commission seems as if it was possible to reach a solution .
However , because of its own area , Macedonia , Greece opposes the use of the name of the name of Macedonia ' , insisting instead of calling for this <UNK> the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ' or FYROM .
Mr President , I very much welcome the opportunity to welcome the excellent reports of the three rapporteurs and really thank all the members of this House - not only by the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection and many other committees here have presented here in this regard .
<UNK> agreement on certain aspects of air services (
This causes more than EUR 80 million , and has affected around EUR 500 million , who have lost their livelihood and remained without continuing to continue production in the coming months .
It is one of the weakest ties in the Commission and has not so far shown that it is really familiar with the external affairs .
The most serious events in Alexandria are the reminder of the fact that the European Parliament has called on the government of Egypt to ensure that the government of the Christian religious communities and members of other religious communities and the opportunity to exercise all human rights and fundamental freedoms - including the right to choose and defend their religion - and not to protect the ethnic groups .
( FR ) Madam President , too little late , the most ambitious , lack of solidarity , a lack of solidarity , this is the real reactions , which are the real responses that the European Union 's recovery plan and proposals at this stage .
This changes to the preamble of the German constitution , which talks about action on behalf of those who did not have been able to participate in a real policy .
Thank you , thank you and for having been brief .
I would also like to thank you , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , for the constructive and Herzegovina we need once again for the SEPA project and which is in accordance with the European Commission 's commitments .
In autumn 2008 , my family and I have been living in London on the table , and I was the direct atmosphere of the <UNK> of the British Queen of the British people in the age of a few weeks .
The Treaty of Lisbon strengthens the role of social partners and promotes social dialogue between trade unions and representatives of employers at European level .
The majority of the special pension group 's Party 's Party 's experts believe that the available support provided for the proposal to include bluefin tuna to the CITES Convention , and , moreover , stated that his wife will at least ensure that the reduction in the east in the east and in the Mediterranean Sea area .
I fully agree with her how the export of origin of origin should be worked on .
This report is another step forward to move forward with the European Council , the Commission and the Member States to take action on the basis of the ice .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
I would like to remind you that we have no corporate power to any question on every issue .
This is not only a technical procedure .
( DA ) Mr President , for some reason , the announcement of the Arctic from the Arctic Commission , in my head , I have returned to the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
The Czech Republic has drafted its mandate to renew the European Council , a different parliament than it has taken into account in this role .
I know that it is not easy to achieve a result that will help to promote healthy health care , taking into account , in the differences of social security systems , secondly , the different economic development of Member States , and thirdly , the different level of health services provided by Member States .
We must also put into question the effectiveness of the measures implemented and establish how they can be improved , so that they can really achieve their goals that allow lasting integration and achieving full European citizenship for Roma .
Finally , in a period of private companies , when private companies do not offer compensation for forest fires , it is compulsory , given the lack of activity in this respect of the private sector , to consider the construction of a collective <UNK> structure that will <UNK> forests against forest and fires .
We will undoubtedly consider the most pressing experience and lessons to be learnt from nuclear accident , and we will need to have the stress test , and I hope , Commissioner , that we will do this at European level - because no matter when we occur such incidents .
We must also make sure that we make greater analyses of the situation in Libya not to reflect the seriousness of the humanitarian crisis in Côte d'Ivoire .
I welcome the motion for a resolution on international adoption , which we voted on today .
It has my voice , as well as the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
As a citizen of a country which has recently announced and recognised the freedom of speech , guaranteed by a democratic regime , I would not like to prevent the cause of this woman 's human rights , and I am sure that this issue will be taken into account .
Studies , most of which I have not been made , are not made within the EU , show that if children receive support and what they need them , this helps them later , improving health and is improving health and unemployment , which we all have .
We have voted in favour of a very large majority today ( <UNK> votes for a resolution entitled <UNK> ' votes against and 33 abstentions ) , the French delegation of a continuous movement of the impact of the impact of the European Commission and the presentation of a practical impact on the creation of financial transactions on financial transactions .
Mr President , how we are opposed to the Taliban in a <UNK> category and the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> and al-Qaeda in the original list ?
One of them agrees with the principle of solidarity that is unquestionably very important .
Corruption and exploitation of workers are a large part of the construction industry in these countries , and the associated deforestation poses a huge threat to the indigenous peoples .
( EL ) Madam President , the current economic crisis has once again placed our attention to the firm position of regulation , not by the need for regulation , mergers and the creation of a multinational , and other companies , the need to change changes in <UNK> legislation and the need to intervene and intervene for <UNK> organisations , which , in addition , the market , are the market and only ones who are the profits of profit .
It is important for us to understand that farmers ' incomes depend on direct payments , although they do not provide them with a decent standard of living .
Commissioner , I would like to welcome you for the nuclear package that has just been announced and which concerns the new nuclear power plants , as well as the proposal in the future of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) to become binding .
I will add another thing to conclude by conclusion , Mr President , and I naturally call on Mr Reinfeldt to reach consensus within the Council , and the most recent coalition of this House to be reflected in the working and distribution of individual roles .
The right of disabled persons to be made , something which often need to travel can only be allowed to travel .
This is about this regulation and its implementation .
The events in North Africa have once again highlighted the importance of the common European immigration policy and showed the need for integration made by the relevant funds , as well as European solidarity .
In the communication , the GDP promised GDP - Measuring the progress in the world ' , proposes different indicators for the development of GDP .
Last autumn , we voted against Mr Barroso , as he does not share our vision of the importance of good working conditions , equality and transition to a sustainable society .
Finally , I would like to say that the Union must show flexibility to the request of India for the protection of the imperialist geographical indications , so that India can provide India with a view to protecting European geographical indications .
( The sitting was opened at <UNK> )
We must not remove the door to social dumping , but involve a sustainable approach in trade agreements .
We want the Court to give Parliament the opportunity to give Parliament and the Committee on Budgetary Control to do its work as possible .
Violence affects women in different times of life , ranging from the age to age .
Thank you .
( FR ) Madam President , we must be obliged to <UNK> by the Afghan <UNK> that we are taking due to the politics followed by George Bush .
They will become common principles for all the institutions .
We also need better monitoring and more effective monitoring systems and control systems that serve as examples of good practice .
The Commission believes that the role of the IMF in combating the effects of the crisis is very important .
Of course , there are significant improvements , but there are significant gaps .
This important step towards better multi-level governance meets the requests of Parliament to strengthen regional and local authorities in the development of policies , always respecting the different constitutional provisions of the parties .
There are also clear flaws in terms of financing .
Finally , Europe must be a leader in terms of both rules and building facilities for storage .
These are many money , ladies and gentlemen , but we are not very serious about this .
However , I regret that we have been too often <UNK> the message that Israel is a democratic country .
It must be noted that prices are simultaneously slow , but it is changing quickly .
Bilateral agreements can not contain elements such as the protection of the territorial integrity , inspection and the illegal prohibition and the ban on the extraction of data and profiling .
I therefore believe that Parliament deserves a clear message to send to the citizens who will watch us tomorrow , while we vote on the report submitted by the three committees together .
The most important relationship are , of course , but we must be absolutely clear : Parliament has taken up against any future enlargements against the future enlargements of the European Union unless it is introduced in advance , based on the 27 countries ' internal reform .
The aim is to look at and find a balance between requirements for growth and development and the <UNK> of the necessary application of austerity measures .
Finally , please all think about the transposition of the package .
Negotiations for Iceland 's accession negotiations began in July 2010 .
We have achieved a broad consensus .
In Europe , we pay around USD 400 000 .
Finally , we must not distract ourselves from tackling the economic crisis .
This report describes this picture very clearly .
In order to have better research and development , both innovation and we must also consider cohesion policy as an integral part of these objectives and must put them into a broader context .
In any case , I would like to express my support for the directive seeking to resolve the issue of illegal immigrants .
It is not only very good to provide European economy and taking decisions in the EU , which is a valuable quality in the current day , but also very much experience in global economic governance - for example by tackling the G20 Presidency 's Presidency .
My question is whether we really think about a small group of the UK and whether you are saying that you are a representative of the European Union ?
We all know that prevention and early diagnosis are essential to combat cancer , so that the efforts of efforts must be concentrated in this area .
Thank you for this .
( Explanation of vote , pursuant to Rule 170 of the Rules of Procedure )
We recently discovered researchers that the <UNK> of rubbish were <UNK> in the Mediterranean in the Mediterranean in around Naples .
If this is not help , then we must be decisive and <UNK> .
You can move forward .
In view of the change in the fishing capacity , I would like to emphasise the importance of modernising the quality of the quality of the production of professionals in the agricultural sector , where the loss of human lives is not global .
The Stockholm Action Plan ( debate )
And then , will they disappear passengers ' money ?
It is not always possible in Parliament with so many political parties and political groups , yet we still have unanimous support for what we propose .
The current attack has not always been kept , but this applies to all parliaments around the world .
Let me assure Parliament that we will continue to raise the problems of other forums , including at the highest level .
Only in this way will we <UNK> the <UNK> of Europe 's founding fathers , thanks to whose efforts we have been here today .
In this context , they warmly welcomed the French initiative of officially to officially return to NATO structures and the efforts of the French Presidency of the Council of the European Union for the coherence between the EU and NATO , in response to the new challenges of security ' .
In Montenegro , we would have had to wait for longer than ever for this status if the case was not addressed in connection with Albania .
It is obvious that the North countries have been two of the same humanitarian crisis in Gaza .
If this House does not want to be subjected to a Member State , I propose to vote against the amendments and in favour of the original text .
We now know even more to Fukushima Fukushima , including the fact that the disaster was systematically systematically systematically <UNK> , and that the <UNK> of the northern area has happened very earlier than the Japanese <UNK> .
Thank you for your attention .
However , one safety , we only have gone down , not only within Europe , is who knows how much we know .
We therefore call on Member States to use our funds .
Moreover , the technical meetings on the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement were closed .
But you , Commissioner , have said that one of the main problems is access to capital and mentioned the European Investment Bank .
I agree with the rapporteur that the <UNK> <UNK> must be replaced by a free document containing the basic information on the ground .
The EU is now seeking a new approach .
As the digital will only be a precondition for transitional food , this is crucial .
We support all the actions aimed at achieving fair and lasting peace .
In my opinion , Europe needs to think about the <UNK> plan that has done its job very well following the Second World War .
These are proposals that we naturally support .
A couple of weeks ago , we had a debate on how small and medium-sized enterprises maintain the functioning of the whole European economy .
As regards the gross domestic product , the agricultural sector produces 10 % of the wealth of the European Union and provides over 10 million jobs , but on the other hand , it is due to 25 % of all CO2 emissions .
The law that endangers endangers freedom of media freedom in Hungary is a law that is currently in force .
I would , however , like to thank the Commission , which has worked on this directive with many energy , which <UNK> the opposition from Member States and who tried to help Parliament find a way to find a way in the <UNK> of public procurement legislation .
This will , of course , be the second second meeting during the Swedish Presidency , and also the last , of the <UNK> principle .
The legislation in this area is too strict and in many cases .
The proposal does not have any impact on the EU budget and is unquestionably .
We have a idea of Europe , just as it sees , David Cameron or the Turkish Government - or at least sees it , the Italian Government in the Dutch people in the Dutch face of the European Union increasingly cutting out of the budget , of Europe 's <UNK> and of the <UNK> of Europe .
In this context , intellectual property rights must not be regarded as an obstacle , but in fact , as a driving force for creative activities , particularly in the context of the development of online gambling .
He stated clearly that , with its entry into force , it will pave the way forward for cooperation with Frontex security and for numerous immigration regulations , for example , within the framework of the readmission and the borders with Afghanistan .
When we debate immigration , we should not be <UNK> into ideological ideological , but rather <UNK> in the substance of the European Pact for Immigration and Asylum , which is based on the values of integration and solidarity .
The <UNK> that it proposes , involves a tax on financial transactions .
I thank you for all the efforts made it a good solution both for Ireland and for Europe .
( Applause )
Without an appropriate mandate , we can not compromise agreements .
I also hope that the new rules will not increase the cost of small and medium-sized producers of the <UNK> .
The European Parliament and the Council 's objectives provide the guarantee of a guarantee of the European Union ( EU ) to the European Investment Bank for loans and guarantees for projects outside the EU .
I voted for this report .
Let me recall that in 2007 , more than 10 % of workers in the European Union were self-employed .
All of your country and of you personally personally .
A real energy efficiency policy must also mean the opportunity to sell electricity at a lower cost , <UNK> and <UNK> , as was the case in France , before the European energy directives on the single energy market .
If we do not want this , we do not want to continue more and more budget resources , but we will be able to use the budget for creating modern policies for the future .
( IT ) Mr President , I am grateful to the Commissioner for the reply on the soil of soil , but I would like to ask him another question .
Council first-reading first-reading agreement : see Minutes
Similarly , the Treaty of Lisbon can not be used to this end , nor do we agree to such a pretext for managing the crisis .
We are on a huge organised crime , and in particular of terrorism , as is well known to the <UNK> gentleman .
The debate is closed .
This is a measure that is being taken and which I have been <UNK> for a few years .
On the International Women 's Day , we must also say that these debates in Thursday afternoon deserve at least one such <UNK> , as we have in plenary .
Madam President , it is good that we have this debate again ; we had that recently .
The only thing we can be sure we can be sure that if we do not do nothing , we will achieve nothing .
The Council proposed , for example , in the opt-out , to reduce the maximum possible workforce of 60 hours per week or 65 hours and to ban the exception of the treaty under the treaty , or restrict one year to the validity of the consent of workers ' consent .
I have been thinking of some of the leaders of our Member States , for all those who will meet history for the lack of political courage , the lack of leadership , the lack of vision .
I was in the case where this small , the <UNK> model of Europe was sentenced and hundreds of thousands of people were left homeless , and thousands of life lost their lives .
They are trying to present any opposition to immigration .
The importance of the Spanish Presidency and the Council 's position is that the mandate for negotiations with the European Council , which will take time and technically , will be adopted before the end of the first half of 2010 .
Opening of the sitting
We can be sure that the current Constitutional Court will really strengthen the position of President and weaken this Parliament .
Every year , the Chilean Government has changed its strategy on this issue , which often causes very difficult situations , has a negative impact on the children themselves , particularly on whom they are in a situation of other reasons .
These countries which joined the European Union in 2007 have adopted only some of the Schengen area and since then apply them with limited scope .
I wanted to mention the clear statement in view of this , alongside corruption and the problem of this problem , to properly address the action plan .
Rather , these are those people who have raised questions .
The main aspect that the Committee on Regional Development wants to emphasise , in terms of transparency and awareness of the need for results achieved in the period 2007-2013 and ensuring appropriate instruments for coordinating actions , funded through the funds for building broadband infrastructure .
For these reasons , I support the motion for a resolution on the situation in Tunisia .
The Commission 's proposed partnership aims to support Member States in their efforts to deal with cancer by providing a framework for the production and use of information , capacity and expertise in the field of prevention and control .
The concern expressed in the Treaty of Lisbon was how Europe reaches its citizens closer to it .
The stability of the Caucasus is undoubtedly and in the interests of the EU , but we must not impose responsibility for this plan at the same time , otherwise it will be possible to move new and even pressure in the accession process .
That is impossible .
Mr President , the funds provided for development cooperation should , in fact , serve to serve the development objectives of development , so that we can help poor countries overcome the financial and economic crisis that they should not be shut down .
The fact that some European countries are lagging behind the teaching of foreign languages , very much the <UNK> of students during the time when more jobs have international character .
We call on the Heads of State or Government to take this evening at the G20 meeting , to include the agenda on the dairy sector , so as to take appropriate measures in response to livestock farmers .
If we can achieve this through agreements between the euro area , we must not only consider it , but also work towards a solution in the coming weeks and a few months .
If possible , in order to maintain an agreement in this House , the vote should be postponed .
We will continue progress in this area .
The Commission shares Parliament 's concerns regarding the <UNK> of the Serbian Government 's human rights signals .
The workforce constantly monitors .
Although so far , it has been better equipped , it has been better or better patients who have benefited from cross-border healthcare , this opportunity is now being opened up and for everyone .
Firstly , I would like to say that I am very pleased that , during this debate , it was confirmed once again that Parliament , the Commission and the Council are on the same point of view when it comes to protecting our common values and , as I said , when it comes to a decisive position against terrorism .
It is also necessary for the Council and the European Parliament to work closer in closer cooperation , and this requires its willingness to act as partners .
The same applies to citizens , so everyone is doing so that everyone is able to get a passport with the ordinary passport will be able to travel .
The Commission budget sets out of the budget authority .
After all , these are the cases affecting the countries of the Western Balkans that they ultimately have to take responsibility .
The <UNK> ' must be interpreted .
If such laws are adopted , it is not a burden that some countries are forced to implement them , but others actually do not accept them .
However , we are concerned about some aspects , not least by the European <UNK> principles , because it must focus on cooperation between real research and cooperation , such as we are calling for the promotion of human and resource in the developed countries and in the more effective field of research systems in national research systems .
The collection of the accounts for the fisheries fee was collecting by the ship in question .
It is essential that the Stability and Growth Pact and growth and are necessary and reliable data on which we can take a solution .
Any support that the industry receives industry at a time must be aimed at adapting to the environmental requirements .
In this process , the Roma process , and I think it is about the whole of the European Union that is about something much more than mutual trust .
Who will go hand and say : 'We need to think about the environment ?
On this day , the fight against women 's recognition of recognition and exercising their rights , the impression is taking place in terms of unemployment and the number of more environmentally friendly jobs , as well as the low wages and discrimination in connection with motherhood and motherhood women who work women .
No one moment , the French Government has not <UNK> families or staff to return to the army nor the army has provided for or other rescue services .
I hope this decision will not affect the number of sentences .
I agree with the rapporteur also that a <UNK> mechanism should be given independent as a matter of cosmetic products should be given independent to ensure independent enforcement .
I certainly understand why many of you do not have interest in Europe as a whole .
That was the position we started .
And we have not succeeded in bringing a consistent European approach at least when it comes to control , so-called stress tests .
Let us also remember that there are also significant commercial interests in the field of agriculture , such as the production of wine , the production , fruit and vegetables and geographical indications .
Since energy security is a crucial factor for the Member States of the European Union , Ukraine plays an important role , and should therefore be encouraged to solve its energy problems by improving relations with Russia through bilateral agreements .
This means that , in order to maintain and managing our power in Brussels , a delegation in the European Parliament receives the same level as MEPs in Malta for the same work there .
Secondly , the need to take a serious look at the copyright issue , as copyright is a great hope and a possibility of developing a more stable market , and this aspect should be made jointly jointly .
That concludes the item .
Madam President , it is well known that I have not answered every single question , but I have been very much informed of Parliament at the same time to provide all the information requested by Members , and particularly those who raised me this evening , as I have said .
Finally , something in relation to Poland and Hungary : one Member of us said that the ECB has not picked itself with them , as we have to say .
( The President cut off the speaker )
If the Irish referendum say 'yes ' , it will be because Europe is convinced that Europe is a secure , particularly in times of crisis .
I have one comment on the immigration mechanism , which talks about the President-in-Office of the Council .
I will be very happy if we are working on concrete projects in this regard .
In order for the European Union to achieve its target for 2020 , it is essential to increase the increase in targeted technologies in low-carbon technologies .
For this reason , it is the European Commission , which is an ambitious institution and should indeed take the method of Jean and , take a lead , lead in this area .
This is a guarantee of success , because the Union for innovation is , first and foremost , a strategy for the European Union 's economic development .
They can be used to eliminate the best practices of best practices and it is desirable for more associations to benefit from existing networks in order to enforce each other in the different areas .
With the collapse of the east , the situation has inevitably been very well achieved .
As regards the introduction of a system of own resources , I still have a huge amount of plans to introduce a tax on financial transactions without a thorough study .
We condemn the <UNK> and the <UNK> reaction of the Ukrainian Government , which showed a peaceful and democratic demonstration .
We are now facing the fourth financing - the second funding for the collapse of Greece - unless , of course , we say , that we are not saying that this is not necessary .
I hope we will be able to push them for the future .
At the same time , the Council has taken note that , while the negotiations on accession negotiations will represent the main foundation for the EEA between Iceland and the EU , and on the other , on the other part , that Iceland in the last two years , Iceland was also active and constructive partner within the Schengen area .
The EEAS must be part of the Commission in terms of administration and budget , as well as a large part of the Commission , as a single structure , a structure to the structure of the Commission .
( HU ) The opportunity for a European citizens ' initiative can encourage the development of public debate on European issues leading to a genuine European public sphere .
Last November , we in the European Parliament have called on the Member States of the EU and the EU itself to consider the situation of women at a time of war and armed conflict .
A large majority of the population is suffering from malnutrition and a lack of suitable medical care , and the Thai government rejects all forms of cooperation with the United Nations authorities , which does not allow people to have access to humanitarian aid to international humanitarian aid .
These several points that do not constitute a comprehensive list are a minimum to ensure that the Doha Round really promote development .
Mr President , Mrs Malmström , asylum policy is a very topical issue , as has become clear by recent cases in Lampedusa and in Greece .
It is also clear that this report is equally balanced and I would like to emphasise it once again , because it is not an ordinary party .
It gives guidelines for men and women for a joint future for us , too , for our children and for children , because we only work together , we can ensure equality between women and men , not only in the law , but also in social life and in social life .
I know , for example , that it is extremely difficult to <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> in airline .
The fund for science and research is one of the EU 's largest funds .
One of the possible explanations of opening up so many new cases is precisely the high level of progress made in the emergence of new prevention programmes for preventing the European Union most of the European Union .
We have had a fiscal budgetary policy , such as the budgetary deficits , to stimulate the economy .
We are able to support you .
The document refers not only to improvements as a result of the adoption of the new <UNK> , but also to the activities of the EIB .
For example , within a month , the price of the oil increase in the number of 4 % in France , with 8 % in Germany and even more in the UK .
<UNK> accounting standards ( vote )
The <UNK> , which was said in the television of the young woman , that he was <UNK> by Gaddafi 's troops , the public .
On the one hand , we have heard from the Council that if the European Arrest Warrant is implemented accurately and effectively , and not used to the many minor cases , as its advantages are the advantages of the shortcomings .
In the Atlantic , the Atlantic has no longer been held in derogations , with derogations being removed from the area of fisheries , fishing in the case of a <UNK> case .
Moreover , Parliament wanted to have some reservations in 2011 .
The most important argument was used as a explanation of other religious murders in Turkey .
It is excellent , but I am a bit disappointed that no one is <UNK> with them .
Apart from differences in contract law , there are also other obstacles to cross-border transactions such as those relating to tax matters , intellectual property or the existence of payments methods .
It is in the interests of all citizens , Commissioner , after the situation of nuclear accident , to manage from the Commission to manage itself , given that this very clearly exceeds the interests of individual national governments .
Finally , let us not consider the euro 's value : the collapse of the common currency is a good thing for the euro area economy .
We need further research and maintenance of the flow of new medicine and vaccines capable of tackling new complications and <UNK> of the various <UNK> .
Without paragraph 1 , this is a pointless and paragraph 1 ( 1 ) , which we call for a strong and sustainable CAP with a budget commensurate with the ambitious objectives , will also be simplified .
The level of enhanced cooperation are useful when it comes to the opportunities they have been involved in them without being at risk of the rest .
President of the Commission . - I am proud that during the crisis 's response , the Commission , the enthusiasm of the College , which is here , with us , is a first delegation sent to a delegation in Japan following the terrible events there .
You have thought that we should not have had the way to work in the Commission .
This situation imposes the strengthening of the mechanisms that the crisis can be effectively overcome .
This pragmatic approach must not be given a majority in Parliament .
( DE ) Madam President , we are currently <UNK> at the moment of what is the <UNK> of sport : the <UNK> spirit of a victory , which is the <UNK> of the victory and by yesterday evening , respect for the <UNK> .
I did not take away from the <UNK> Council on this matter .
In relation to the buildings of approximately zero energy consumption , Member States will set clear objectives and develop action plans which will also include support measures .
Their profits is falling because fuel prices are <UNK> .
We must bear in mind that Member States represented by the Council are the highest player in the agreement .
There is also a need for specific coordinated cooperation programmes with private undertakings , innovation and for research .
The rights of women in Afghanistan in Afghanistan
It therefore does not consider any mitigation of the implementation of the precautionary principle or the issuing of tolerance for genetically modified organisms , nor ...
However , certain Member States often avoid the unacceptable discrimination of minorities living on their territory .
( FR ) Madam President , Mrs Malmström , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , cooperation between Europe and the United States is essential in solving most large crises in the world , and the new US administration represents an opportunity for this .
I think that the European Union must maintain a reasonable and realistic policy towards Russia .
The changes of crucial importance must come from the country itself .
I also hope that the Commission and the Member States will strengthen their control over minimum health requirements and safety in the workplace .
For this reason , we believe that it is important that these legislative projects are implemented or jobs are not dealt with the same principle , as the most recent <UNK> plans , which was not the most serious and more important truth from the end end .
We must work towards this .
We must meet the expectations of peoples 's people .
Last but not least , I welcome the contribution made regarding the future Eighth Framework Programme , which must be more transparent , more flexible and more transparent .
This is a new task and a new responsibility for all MEPs .
It must be avoided at any price and take into account possible .
I also welcome the report 's departure to strengthen the EU 's role in multilateral security organisations , in the <UNK> and G20 , along with other things .
They simply offer the possibility of a rapid amount of pay , immediately after the listing of the relevant formalities , and after the signing of the November 2010 budget .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , many of you have been the <UNK> ' of the <UNK> process , which is the most unfortunate one that is happening today in my country , with a strong democratic tradition , with a government , with the Thai people who are trying to engage in a democratic vote in the military coup d'état and the media .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament decided to prohibit electronic documents , particularly as regards the declarations of products made in the market , placing on the market .
It is therefore essential that Europe does not forget that women suffer from their daily rights as the right to life and physical wellbeing - women who are victims of death ; women who are denied access to education ; women who are denied access to education ; who are forced to live and stay in order to live in the Charter of women ; they can only be discriminated against women and discriminated against women who are discriminated against women .
I welcome the European Parliament 's decision to approve the agreement between the European Union and the Pacific States .
The financial crisis and the debt crisis has had a certain degree of impact , with a strong sense of cooperation , particularly with regard to the common foreign and security policy .
( SV ) Mr President , although many questions remain , control and EU funds are improving and becoming increasingly <UNK> .
For this reason , I agree with what the rapporteur has said , and I would like direct interference by the Commission and the Council to achieve clarity , transparency , transparency and , hence , to our own territory and to the specific area in which we must never stop , and we must never stop ourselves .
The item is closed .
I read it all because it shows the importance of the Commission when it comes to implementing the European project , a Commission that is responsible for the same time as your Parliament .
I strongly condemn these extremism .
The Interim Agreement will be in force for more than twelve months , and the Commission has already announced that it intends to table a permanent agreement immediately after the new Treaty comes into force .
The most important issue has always been the most important aspect of the bad mood and the <UNK> .
For example , I would like to see a 25 % reduction in the number of EU citizens , as well as ensuring that those who are currently excluded from the labour market , can access to high-quality work , while at the same time , we have the aim of finding work .
Secondly , the amendments that either or a very precise and specific point of view in this report - that the firm political speeches must not be subject to criminal offences - are the amendments that oppose and I am pleased to hear that many others do so .
Another subsidy would have been worth the European Union 's image .
It is not about Greece or for which any other Member State is .
We will start this discussion in autumn .
Moreover , I ask the Commission , in my opinion , is it a State aid granted to EUR 4 million from the French Government , and therefore does not have this <UNK> and illegally the rules according to the common fisheries policy ?
Yes , but what growth ?
We need a exchange of information and best practice , but we also need to avoid the complex structures .
Mr President , the report on the ban on the ban of illegal logging , which was adopted by a large majority in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
We are taking action in Libya under the aegis of the United Nations and initiative in the initiative of certain European Heads of State or Government demonstrate that , when it wants , Europe - or part of Europe - can act decisively in difficult times .
The <UNK> , the former <UNK> of the <UNK> of <UNK> years later , is later <UNK> .
If the EU does not accept a budget and it will still be set up to every month , our Presidency will find their duties .
Of course , there is also something that exists in other areas such as the area of meat and beef : too little imports , the junta used too easily by third countries , and undermining our own production .
For this reason , we agree entirely with the text that is adopted and which will set a period of 30 days , within which the country should pay their duties .
In defence of our institutional powers , we also oppose the demands of the necessary procedures to implement a procedure for implementing the measures taken so that the Czech Committee finally ...
I do not want to discuss the content .
I would like to congratulate you on the Desertec project .
Who receives them ?
( PL ) Madam President , the new structure of public finances in the European Union have tried to be able to realise the real financial rules and public expenditure , as well as fully the desire to limit the sovereignty of Member States .
One of the problems is undoubtedly the fact that , in the Commissioner , their areas of competence often , the areas of competence that leads to the ambiguities .
Since counterfeiting is the activity of organised crime , as I have already mentioned , I believe , that it must combat it with this legislative instrument , with its commitment and joint efforts .
Green Paper on the future of the trans-European transport policy ( short presentation )
It is based on the basis of some excellent and most recent proposals from the Commission aimed at simplifying the application procedure that Member States give access to the relevant funds .
On the other hand , with regard to the right number of free trade agreements that are being negotiated by the Commission will provide clearer and more detailed answers in writing through the Commissioner 's staff .
It is right to ignore them and a more pragmatic approach that is not only contrary to the principles that guide our external actions , but also undermine the European social model .
I believe that this may be a starting point in the law and we will certainly have to return to this in the future , but , on the other hand , this is a great step in improving the rights of disabled persons with reduced mobility and persons with reduced mobility .
Even only the enormous growth of demand outside the EU will determine this .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , thank you for your statement .
The events in Japan must represent concern to all Member States , regardless of whether they have nuclear power plants , or not because if such disasters occur , we will threaten Europe .
The people have become victims of a <UNK> act that has nothing to do with religion or a moral principle .
Secondly , even then the Soviet Union did not deal with the Russian people who have also claimed by the Communist dictatorship .
Finally , I would like to thank international organisations such as <UNK> for peace , <UNK> <UNK> for nuclear war and the <UNK> campaign for banning nuclear weapons ( <UNK> ) .
Therefore , Member States must immediately set up a programme for the ongoing renovation of the existing <UNK> fund in order to achieve approximately a zero level of energy consumption by 2050 .
This is a one-sided mechanism that is wrong for distribution in the chain .
However , I have not been surprised , and I am not a sign of a sign that no solution is being made , or at least not public - and I hope we will do not go down to us whether we actually have such an plan .
The European Union encourages Belarus to suspend or declare a moratorium on the death penalty .
I regret the loss of human life as a result of the growing industrial waste that occurred in Hungary .
At the same time , I agree with the Council that the situation is not yet enough to give up the support measures .
The Committee on Civil Liberties believes that we should look at what really happens to us now and that we need to increase our costs in the area of protecting the Roma , and in the area of Roma integration .
We hope that the Commission will take into account these points .
It is about oil , as well as for natural gas .
The protection and extension of forests on the basis of natural processes and without trade , should therefore be the most important priority of our policy , both to fight against , and to adapt to developing countries and to climate change .
According to the European Commission , around 70 % of EU Member States ' gross domestic product is created in the services sector .
I believe that legal guarantees have been shown , because it has become clear that it is not necessary to clarify or abortion or other problems .
We have also responded to the high expectations of democratic rights .
China is losing their trade surplus by artificially artificially reduced the value of their national currency by making the highest level of wages so that they can not afford to afford imports in China , but to lower than the European transport , and thirdly , by infringing international rights , so that the Chinese companies can not be governed by the fact that they themselves and not operate on the fact that they are not enforced by the development of national activity .
I do not know how quickly or how slowly it will happen , I do not know what we have gone and what will be going to go on , but I know certainly that the integration process must continue .
However , I would like to point out that , in this report , this report does not only make an assessment of the policy , but attention is focusing on the future , on development .
This involves ensuring the quality and safety of organs , but also ensuring the protection of donors and recipients by setting up competent authorities .
More than half of EU citizens ' citizens of the European Union are affected by the gas supply of gas supplies .
Since then , it is essential to carry out stress tests for European nuclear power stations and risks , avoid potential accidents and confront the public 's concerns .
We have not realised that we are only at the beginning , not at the end of the process .
The possibility of registering micro-entities from the obligation to produce and publish annual accounts will not reduce the administrative burden .
However , the need for specialised sectoral analyses continues to be up-to-date .
To this end , we must ensure that the border authorities have sufficient resources .
There is no doubt that the constitutional changes make a great deal of impression and that they make a major contribution to democratisation in Turkey .
Very often , we have seen them a lot of <UNK> and a more expensive process , and the result is mutually a disappointment .
As my subject is very important - proof of this is the large number of people who have asked the word - will give the floor to 10 people , twice twice twice more than the Rules of Procedure .
Let me also say , with regard to the rapid measures - measures to halt the deforestation of rainforests and the measures to govern international shipping and maritime transport , which cause climate measures in the poorest countries of the EU , in particular , they must draw immediate results .
I am therefore very happy that President of Lithuania , Mrs Grybauskaitė , a former Commissioner , and the government of Lithuania , has already stated that the opening of the obligations imposed on Lithuania under its own constitution .
The common goal is to avoid the development of the development of the major urban centres in which the major urban centres are being carried out , thereby avoiding discrimination against the physical integrity and geographical origin of rural areas .
The European Year of Volunteering ( 2011 ) will allow the activities involved in this area to adopt a European dimension , and we therefore hope that this will have a huge influence on civil society .
The emergence of 25 immigrants , which took place by this country of the Mediterranean , as the competitive burden sent out , has shown itself a clear message : Germany has shown that they are not the Canary Islands ; the Canary Islands and Spain showed that 30 000 hectares of the African coast of the European Union are not a burden for the European Union .
We must find a way of develop and effective instrument for the tax of GDP , which can be applied in practice , to make clear indicators and rely on high data .
The data and their analysis are a key element in the fight against terrorism and tackling terrorism that is the subject of the debate today .
The main reason for this is that we do not support the proposal to introduce an international tax on financial transactions .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are coming to the catch-the-eye procedure .
The European Charter on Freedom of the press will only become a <UNK> paper if European Heads of State or Government want to continue to continue to be kept in this way .
On the contrary , there are some people who want to turn into a <UNK> and to <UNK> his own name in the <UNK> capital city , although he was responsible for the mass murder after war .
I think young people are the main victims of the crisis , and that we must seize our opportunity to put them the opportunity to put them into the Europe 2020 strategy .
The economic changes , political changes and changes in the vision that we have changed in our external irresponsibility as a result of the new players and globalisation .
I would like to emphasise the need for new and more detailed lifelong learning , which is crucial for better quality of work and , particularly in the context of jobs , and the need to pay particular attention to young people , and disabled people , as is in the Europe 2020 strategy .
Economic interests can not be turned into reason to forget and the suffering .
We were committed to strengthening and to strengthening the influence of Europe and presence in the world , we firmly believe that this project has greater force and greater strength than when starting with such enthusiasm and this great scope for Europeans .
Although the Western Balkans are not yet part of the EU , stability in south-eastern Europe can only be achieved through the expansion of the Balkans .
It is also possible to affect our credibility and credibility , and to restrict our opportunities for effective cooperation .
I believe that the Agency can carry out a great deal of work in coordinating national policies , provide greater value to all policies that are put in place .
However , it is not yet included in the budget that Mr Lewandowski must soon present .
The Treaty of Lisbon is not , as Mr Klaus stated , to enable the European Union to become more power against Member States , but something quite different .
In today 's vote , we want the European Union to cooperate with the most effective institutions in order to help implement rules and to help the country to use better financial assistance that has been received in the last year and , above all , to do this in line with the principles of democracy and legality .
The <UNK> on the prize will take place on Wednesday 16 December , 16 December in Strasbourg .
The package has highlighted the need for better environmental and medium-term objectives which are not the detriment of the production sector , nor create a risk for jobs in the Union .
Businesses can not compete with social and environmental dumping that apply to certain economies , which apply to certain economies , as China , where costs are extremely low for social protection and where there are no social costs or high environmental standards .
There are problems in other Member States , but they are in fact excluded .
The tolls are the road maps established the criteria which include the adoption of structural reforms in key areas of justice , freedom and security .
As you have said , Mr <UNK> , our reunification , the reunification of Germany - has begun even earlier , because we have made our attitude , our approach to the common European history and our common European future .
Moreover , the safeguard clause for a common review allows for a thorough review of the technical development and understanding of the label from consumers not later on 2014 .
Vice-President of the Commission . - I doubt that we will have time to create a concrete service of this kind at the later stage and before the elections .
From this point of view , the priority of the European Union should be encouraged and supports the efforts that are currently being made to start international dialogue with President Saleh .
I am pleased that we are aware of the identity of Tajikistan and the special role of the country in the region .
However , from global terms , and here I would like to ask you to ask you about electric cars for China , we really need to <UNK> the <UNK> of the <UNK> , as the Commission says .
The text adopted does not contain the most important point .
Mr Barroso , will you talk to the rest of the Commission and to organise only the voluntary asset , while the electronic equipment does not happen 100 % ?
The agreement is an opportunity to give new impetus to trade relations and guarantees access to the European market - exempt from customs duties and not to most goods .
It is possible to see that there is a huge leap forward in electric vehicles and in general , particularly in cities .
It is not yet done .
It is the EU 's role of ensuring that the EU institutions ensure respect for the principles of the principles of equality between Member States and in the various European institutions , and in the relations of the EU with the national institutions and with the Community and with international institutions .
Mr President , there is no assessment of social , environmental and economic consequences of an economic agreement between the European Union and Canada .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for having asked her evening for us to join us in this Chamber , and also for having sent us a message .
With this in mind , Commissioner , Mr President , do not think you are talking about the fact that your unconditional motivation for the regions of Italy , Europe and the Mediterranean , and also for other countries ?
Today , we are experiencing a fundamental change of the situation today .
This affects all European citizens .
The <UNK> that is preventing this debate between Mr Trichet , President Barroso and Chancellor Merkel , like this , is a lack of confidence that this was not a group of proud .
The EU accounts for 2004 to 2004 and 60 % of the alleged fraud are threatened by Italy .
In future , this could lead to a marked of the current system of Structural Funds from the Cohesion Fund .
It must continue along the path to Europe , as the rest of the region has been taking forward .
According to the Court of Auditors , the Court of Auditors do not cooperate in these areas or even do not manage to assess its own policy .
I think that , after this <UNK> came into force in 2013 , it will help achieve the objective of harmonising and strengthening EU passenger rights , without what transport is given .
It is not enough .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , you have now had a look at the ambitious approach in the work of the European Investment Bank in the coming years .
( EL ) Mr President , the package of economic governance package creates a strong tool for the competitive restructuring of restructuring in a uniform way , as well as a single strategy for all Member States , to strengthen competitiveness , profitability and power .
It is important not to forget that , despite the many concerns we have had , and despite the numerous challenges that Russia has faced with Russia , there was also a number of positive changes .
I have heard the argument of wine growers that the traditional rosé is a little <UNK> , and according to them , the rosé rosé are the most lucrative way of wine .
I would , however , like to comment on some of the amendments tabled .
What should we do to change this ?
I have not voted for voting in favour of this report because it has hit some of the most difficult new EU powers in the area of international trade in the name of the agreement with the Council on the executive 's executive powers in other areas .
Member States where the applications are covered by the decision on each individual request in the light of the relevant circumstances .
In fact , we have moved ourselves in the backs because the reference to bonds in Portugal sent well last week , while the truth is that the European Central Bank is actually using taxpayers ' money to bring them their own debt .
We are pleased to give Europe that in approximately 50 000 aircraft , money used to meet the objectives of the common agricultural and business sectors , and almost four times more than small aircraft and <UNK> .
Tajikistan is an important geographical location , as it is based on a key crossroads between Europe and Asia and Asia , therefore , plays an important role in strengthening the stability in the region .
The public is too sensitive to animal welfare issues .
Tomorrow , we will find that we have already achieved a number of important and rational measures in this sector .
In November , we have helped to establish a Green Paper and public consultation , in order to inform our policies on how to improve our policies and instruments for better sustainable and inclusive growth in partner countries , with which to deal with the main causes of poverty and to add value added value for our development cooperation .
Violence against women is currently the most serious manifestation of discrimination against women and human rights .
In particular , they are imposed by the so-called <UNK> ' of six countries , which sets out the Community budget of around 1 % of GDP .
I would like to emphasise my support for the activities of the European Union , because the European Union clearly recognises the independence and independence of the two regions at international level .
The European Union will perhaps draw up the lesson of these EUR 2 billion , which have allocated the development fund for Africa in Africa .
I have heard the words of the debate I have heard words about the words of Freedom Freedom Freedom and justice ' .
It is not only better than a <UNK> gas pipeline to Germany , which <UNK> Poland , but will also increase our energy security .
I think this is an extremely good resolution , I think it is also excellent that , overall , such as these issues , there is a high level of agreement in the Commission , as well as in the Council and in the European Parliament .
The major element of fundamental rights - freedom of expression must be strengthened in all the countries of the world .
Baroness Ashton , in 1999 , to avoid <UNK> in Benghazi , Gaddafi Gaddafi has been required to conceal the responsibility for the purposes of the criminals of the AIDS of the most vulnerable healthcare .
Every day , around the world , over hunger 000 people are dying because they have no sufficient food to change .
I also consider the issue of the suspension of the suspension of the accident .
We must certainly discuss in our country whether we are in the European Parliament .
The citizens of Europe are being held as hostages .
This result shows that the destruction of climate change , ignorance of these issues is one of the most vulnerable people here in this House whose opinions really ought to be ignored and who have been able to ignore here on a number of occasions here but which actually <UNK> the opinion of all the EU 's citizens .
So I encourage all my fellow Members to vote in favour of it .
Soon , we can put an end to this anomaly as we see from the Council 's proposed strategy and the Commission in terms of Belarus .
I am aware that the majority of the report deserves our support , although the document contains and some <UNK> that we do not agree completely .
Let us now avoid a new economic <UNK> lines between the new and old ones .
The report we have a long way to us is a long way .
The EU must be assured that its opinion is taken into account in terms of migration and integration .
Above all , we must take the right to the people in their proper skills , which will allow them to adapt to our rapid society quickly .
The European Commission study survey is intended to remove barriers to the proper functioning of the internal market and to provide a more precise trade in the area of e-commerce .
There is an opportunity for these measures to stabilise the domestic situation and prevent the humanitarian disaster , which inevitably threatens this country with a population of ten million people .
The gender market with a gender equality is a prerequisite for stimulating employment and tackling demographic problems .
However , it is important not to make sure that the crisis imposes measures in contravention of good policy .
<UNK> % of businesses in my region have less than 49 employees .
In the case of the label , no one must leave their home country to receive medical treatment , but in cases where they need to be able to do so , knowing that they know they have the right to do so in terms of treatment and reimbursement .
As is the fact that the concept of <UNK> risk was retained , thereby opening up the <UNK> ' concept where it is not necessary to achieve the procedures provided for in the legislation provided for .
I fully and wholeheartedly support his appeal and work with him as much as possible signatures as possible in the Netherlands .
I do not understand the logic of trying to apply to the EU to a global problem .
We really have said , as I said , welcome the efforts to closing Guantánamo , but we oppose military committees and other <UNK> abuses .
It is necessary to initiate and promote the Middle East peace process and all local factors , including neighbouring countries like Iran .
They believe politicians should be able to make up how many hours can work .
The second is that we are the only real European financial institution ; all our shareholders are shareholders , and they are primarily Member States of the European Union .
We should also emphasise the need to monitor the facilities , in order to ensure that all the technical requirements proposed by technical specialists will be duly taken into account and respected in their exploitation .
The report must be set out , as has been pointed out , and in the report on reducing bureaucracy , relating to funding procedures , along with the introduction of strict penalties in the event of irregularities or failure to comply with the existing legal regulation .
These policies must be supported by an appropriate budget , but also with reliable checks of the programmes , with appropriate action and by setting good practices .
( PT ) Mr President , there are some very important solutions that need to be taken within the framework of the Union 's extremely stringent restrictions , which the EU leaders seem not to change , thereby making all the prospects for real convergence and cohesion .
Parliament has always shown the view of greater transparency and traceability of taxes and charges and is considered to be monitored , and it is the Member States that Member States must take the costs of applying the measures .
We have raised a number of issues to be paid to which we should focus : firstly , further developing the cost of calculating costs ; second , a list of diseases that will be covered by the system ; thirdly , the recognition of the system , bearing in mind that the same medicines are available in all Member States ; and fourthly , promoting healthcare .
What is the recent , the recent Members of this House who agree to amend or implement legislation , further undermining Parliament 's credibility , in particular , in its efforts to fight against fraud and corruption .
If it is properly implemented by the national authorities , this international agreement will be an important means of ensuring the protection of life in the world in the long term and sustainable exploitation of fish stocks .
According to estimates in the near future , 16 % or 80 million inhabitants of the EU will live below the poverty threshold .
Do you intend to clarify information about them with them , and faster , given that the problem seems to be worse , particularly in the case of the day , in numerous Member States ?
Today in Europe , one of four women is the victim of violence , domestic violence , rape or genital mutilation .
In addition , I also mentioned the important role of the European Parliament in the process of approving cohesion policy , both the cohesion and budgetary resources , and also that it will strengthen the Treaty of Lisbon if the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force .
In this respect , I am very sorry that we have too many information on cases of labour accidents .
Finally , I would like to say that transparency guarantees good governance and confidence in the institutions .
The Member States must also intervene and take measures that can help European producers in the industry , which , in order to adapt to the new European legislation , started the process of its sites , but it is unlikely too little to start it before 2012 .
The youth training policies must therefore be ambitious in order to enable young people to acquire skills that are better adapted to the needs of business organisations .
I will conclude by saying that when it comes to the extension of the POSEI Regulation , we will have the opportunity to make progress on some of the issues raised today , and that , in general , we can also work on the common agricultural policy , we will also work effectively , both on this regulation .
In fact , when we are proposing trade preferences to developing countries , we do not take this purely action on pragmatic , commercial considerations , but in order to show our solidarity with these countries .
These services have an extremely serious impact and results of their activities can be found for countries or organisations that they have seen , as we have seen in the recent financial crisis .
Schengen promotes cross-border crime and illegal immigrants from people and goods that are alone , sometimes , at their own time , legal , and sometimes not real benefit for Europeans .
Do you believe that the recovery of growth and employment depends on genuine joint action , or whether we are able to act independently of resources , education , training , training , support for small and medium-sized enterprises and combating poverty and combating this very negative effects ?
Madam President , as you have just said , the EU-US Summit will take place in Stockholm on 18 November .
The Union is seen as a Union is concerned and the migrant Christians of the world , because it does not respect the Christian philosophy .
I personally have seen fewer ambitions in such a <UNK> ambitions .
We also asked Brazil .
The good things like accession to the European Union are self-evident only by itself .
They should be congratulated for this .
We also need sanctions in real cases in the cases of real breaches .
This is a good result , but I believe that we need to achieve much more in the future .
The ones who are asking for more accessibility for themselves and for patients , as well as for other professionals , to objective information on medicinal products .
I would like to draw attention to you that , in this debate , we do not provide the questions of the House from this House .
The next G20 summit will take place on 11 and 12 November in Seoul , under the Presidency of France .
However , the Union can exert its influence in relation to the protection of human rights worldwide if it serves as an example in this area .
I am convinced that achieving all these important objectives will only be possible if we are working on the start of a new climate of institutional cooperation - one of the major challenges in the Treaty of Lisbon , which we always talk about .
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
We have European instruments to help us achieve this goal , namely the European Social Fund , and I believe we should rely on this lever .
We are sure that this directive will change the situation and contribute to a genuine European defence market .
We are also afraid of advertising ; at a time when there is public prosecutor convicted with the <UNK> , we have been forced to listen to this country .
We must pay attention to programmes such as training for lifelong learning and the Youth in Action .
We must , however , look closely at how and in what conditions we want to improve cooperation between business and universities .
It must therefore be noted that , following a year , in which we have played diplomacy diplomacy and determination , we have achieved a positive result .
In addition to ensuring high quality , safe and effective cross-border healthcare , it is important to ensure the right balance between patients in the European Union to seek treatment abroad and opportunities abroad and national health systems in the field of health care .
It is estimated that the Treaty of Lisbon will have permanent President .
Mr <UNK> is the <UNK> President of Côte d'Ivoire .
( DE ) Madam President , thank you for your excellent answer .
We must punish it if Libya continues to give so many refugees free access to Europe .
To some extent , this could be seen in the 21st century and new infrastructure .
And one last question .
There are major energy savings opportunities .
It is about institutional question and I would like to thank the Prime Minister of Spain , Zapatero , for his commitment to Europe and to the Community method .
I also agree that it is desirable to revise our cooperation with Belarus , as well as the expected financing allocated to it , to assess whether it continues to continue in September 2008 on a new policy of commitments to this country .
I will mention the example of the Republic of Cyprus , which is now under monitoring .
While the Socialists in this House have no arguments to us in a more difficult way , I can only protest in a radical debate .
As a result of this pact , a number of Member States joined , for example , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , Denmark , Romania and Bulgaria .
<UNK> , combined with the railways is really a result .
We want greater involvement in local partners in cases where the Investment Bank industry want to be more rigorous and less rigorous and we want a common audit audit of the European Investment Bank .
I believe that in these times of economic crisis , an internal market could help to help economic recovery .
Creating a common register is beneficial for lobbyists , as they will have to register only once again .
We therefore have helped to face a partner of the world , ally and friend .
in writing . - ( BG ) Ladies and gentlemen , the Commission 's reports does not agree any infringement of competition within the internal market by the monopoly .
It is known that the response to the spread of H1N1 influenza was estimated compared to the real problem of the problem .
The Commission proposes to correct the proposal from 2011 budget to mobilise the need to mobilise the European Union Solidarity Fund to EUR 182.4 million in commitment to commitments and payment appropriations resulting from the floods caused by the Czech Republic , Hungary , Hungary and Romania .
Who could say 'no ' to this ?
We also forced to allocate specific funds to increase the number of contributions in the programme currently available .
The following questions have been tabled to the Commission .
I am pleased that I have been very pleased in the negotiations that have led to the agreement .
In other words , it is important to monitor and changes in the emergence of the gaps that this will be a starting point when it is asked to ask the parties to use the opportunity .
In the whole of Europe , there will be hundreds of thousands of victims , but since this truth is a shame of the political elites and , therefore , that the most serious truth of the world is the most powerful truth , this scandal will also be as <UNK> as <UNK> as our citizens .
I was very happy .
Mr President , in December 2005 , there was a Prime Minister who attended the plenary sitting in this House .
After all , the Haitians do not have short-term but also long-term needs .
Take the Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
The answer will be that no one cares of this .
Last week , the wave of this resistance and the Libyan Yemen .
Although they are not exclusively intended for SMEs , they have an important place in many clusters that were created throughout the EU .
However , the unrest in the euro area is not new and is well known .
This is important and I say the following of the President of the Commission and of all members of the Commission : we need to ensure a competitive European economy in order to have social Europe .
In my region , the most important activity , both the main activity of income is the cultivation of income and production .
The first and most important roles - there is no doubt about this Parliament 's concerns , too , raised the question of this : the armed conflict in the face of the Israeli Government , which systematically ignore international law and agreements themselves , from the agreement on the settlements ; and the agreement on the conflict in the North Atlantic and the military occupation of the East .
The list of agreements is the list of agreements .
Unfortunately , however , this is a right that is respected in some countries .
The word <UNK> ' is hardly six times .
With nearly 40 million euros , we are helping to produce around 7 000 workers in the labour market .
The margins themselves must therefore reflect the long-term results of companies .
I also believe that , in this situation when people are detained in this area , we should oppose all the violence that hinder civilians to leave the area of conflict .
We have been confronted with the concerns that we are facing with the United States , it is that they will not even have the necessary national legislation until December is implemented .
According to the proposal tabled by Member States , it must allow Member States to be allowed to comply with the obligation for drafting and annual annual accounts .
Only fully respecting the commitments made can and - so it is fair - we must press Turkey on the path of accession .
Firstly , this means that the exceptions is not resolved and their use under the directive will continue to be set up without a date for their suspension , with weak restrictions and without any special control .
The markets are currently speculating against the euro , and with differences in the euro .
Mr President , the action plan that we will adopt will adopt goals , strengthen , strengthen and solid European judicial culture , a European legal entity .
Moreover , Member States must ensure that no return to a return to a breach of Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights , which obliges Member States to ensure that no person should be <UNK> back in their country if it is threatened or serious attacks on their return .
Recent events in Egypt and other countries of North Africa and the Middle East have created the flow of legal and illegal migrants to Europe .
These trade deficits have contributed to global imbalances , which are at the root of the global economic crisis .
I therefore believe that the EU must fully respect national history , culture and traditions and resolutely refuse to punish Member States , the right of their own waters and nature , including a cultural and Christian symbols .
Instead , I think that if the emerging economies want to remain in the euro area , they must be subjected to strict budgetary control .
A single language proposal are elected in the wake of three languages ( English , French and German ) , all the other languages remain on the second .
I would like to quote many examples of the Member States of the European Union , including my country , of Lithuania , where the <UNK> of long distances , who has been a visa holder , can not carry out their basic work .
I have heard the impression of the press that has taken place .
Instead of the regional and restrictive policies , Commissioner , I would like to express ...
Unfortunately , I have not received a reply from you , I hope that this will be done now .
On Thursday , we will vote on this issue .
It <UNK> carbon , a tax , banking and other similar issues - certainly taxpayers will be <UNK> .
The EIB 's draft support in the external policies of the Union must continue to be carried out in accordance with the principles of sensible banking practices .
In my opinion , the importance will be seen in many years .
I do not think that the European Union is the modern version of the <UNK> <UNK> ; it is merely an institution that respects the principles of solidarity and subsidiarity , defend the principles of human rights and is committed to protecting the social market economy , and that the internal market itself is not a means of creating a social policy ; so that we will not restrict freedom of European citizens who are living in the Union .
I would like to return to it .
It is necessary for strengthening growth , which creates jobs .
We must certainly wait until June to decide this decision ?
I voted in favour of adopting it .
This , as well as the CIA flights of the CIA , secret prisons and the disastrous consequences of the current American military operations in the Middle East , must not be forgotten during the debate .
Of course , the families of the victims deserve our sympathy , we have been doing and solidarity , but we must also be aware that the Greek nation is divided today .
The vote will take place on Wednesday , 9 March 2011 , on 30 , at 30 .
I therefore propose the question of the <UNK> to be presented in Doha as a useful contribution to the debate .
I can say to the fact that I am in favour of the voluntary pension scheme for further insurance professionals together with other <UNK> MEPs and voting against their own interests and benefit the interests of taxpayers ' interests .
In its communication of 23 February 2009 , the <UNK> <UNK> of the Community to prevent natural and man-made disasters ' , the Commission , along with other things , adopted the task of coordinating the available and existing information on preventive measures and catastrophes .
We must be sure that they know how much they are going to cost them , what quality standards and safety can expect their rights are in the event that they are experiencing .
According to the Commission , between 1989 and 2007 in the European Union have been registered 18 deaths , the case is being made to use of dichloromethane .
I welcome the measures that we are calling for to avoid the dramatic situation of dairy farmers .
The market is free only when the rules are clear , apply to everyone and actually apply .
The outcome of the conference in Cancún is important for the European Union both in terms of visibility and in terms of the results .
The debate is closed .
I will be very brief .
Have the Commission prepared this ?
However , VAT Directive <UNK> to be required to deal with the situation currently in order to minimise the risk of illegal VAT schemes ( from the type of export refunds , to a minimum assessment ) .
For 50 years , Europe has tried to prosperity and we are obliged to continue to keep this prosperity in the name of our citizens .
Most of the Member States are no longer eligible conditions that require the OECD and Development Organisation after 1970 and we are facing new exceptional cases without having new funds .
Moreover , cooperation can be expected that cooperation with Russia will play a very important role , clearly , a very positive role , in the current difficult economic crisis .
Some Members of the European Parliament have made it known as that Europe 's health is already a reality ' .
Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of the Republic of the <UNK> aspects ( vote )
I hope that the informal G20 Ministers will end up with concrete results in this month .
Why is it that airlines are given compensation ?
We still have resources , and although we will never achieve a more likely number of accidents , we can do much to reduce the number of victims .
I fear that such changes will change the Internet and can cause adverse effects for the European Union economy ' .
Instead , we must deal with Russia and Belarus , which are actually European in historical , an ideological , military , military and geopolitical plan .
There is one simple reason for this .
Secondly , subsidiarity and languages .
What is then preventing the release of Gilad Shalit and all those who whose fault is not a serious doubt about the courts ?
This is the definition of the United Nations , of the United Nations .
Project funding projects represent an excellent solution for allocating funding and are the basis of infrastructure , which Europe needs to modernise and to fully exploit the potential of the internal market .
Moreover , can the Commission outline what role is the role of Parliament and the stakeholders , such as the privileged <UNK> , or a solution to the agreement ?
Such development will threaten wages and the conditions for Canadian workers .
We must strive to ensure that , in this respect , the research programme to help these resources be used in a way that is used as much as possible and sustainable .
I would like to assure the family 's family in our solidarity and strong commitment to ensuring respect for human rights and democracy in Iran and the world .
The first pillar acts such as the failure of restrictions that European agriculture operates to other agricultural regions around the world , and the second pillar includes the creation of a set of measures that enable Member States to ensure that agriculture receives additional aid allows it to perform its functions .
I share the rapporteur 's concern about the economic and financial crisis we are experiencing , and we are experiencing this lack of investment .
Of course , this is not the owners of private aircraft , but people who usually have not so inflexible and who have had their own <UNK> to pay for flight abroad .
It is also clear that urgent discussions on new sources of the Union budget must be conducted urgently .
I would like to have someone around us when we are holding , sometimes because it is not very convenient to listen to the <UNK> and to do so .
The problem is that planning is carried out there , or the lack of planning , simply must not be repeated .
That is why the report calls for new rules and corporate social responsibility to be key elements of any future agreement .
Transfers of appropriations : see Minutes
This is really happy and I sincerely welcome .
If I may go , I will continue with the second question .
This is connected with procedural rights and the right of legal protection .
The European Union has made some progress , particularly with regard to human rights , equality between social <UNK> , the defence of freedom of expression , freedom of the press and freedom of religion .
These devastating floods two alarming tendencies : by the help of NGOs , the most advanced world , gradually , has gradually controls on immigrants ; the <UNK> movements and extreme Communist camps are <UNK> in the foundations for the foundations of our civilisation .
If Europe wants to hear citizens , let us take account of the French and <UNK> ' not to the European Constitution and abandon the Treaty of Lisbon , which is a clear <UNK> of the Constitution .
We have provided significant funds for Kosovo for the Instrument for the Instrument ( IPA ) as part of the total amount of EUR 1.2 billion , the stock of donors agreed in July 2008 .
I think the cooperation procedure is used .
Unfortunately , the world of West is precisely the territory of which parents do not want to <UNK> their children .
I am confident that the agreement represents an important step forward , and that the framework agreement on data protection between the European Union and the United States , which requires further negotiations and can also be considered .
But we are actually able to create a group of private banks by saying that parents can be left out of their children at the moment and possibly use them for treatment in the future if they have to be .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , there is a very clear understanding of progress in the application of the cord blood targets .
However , I also expect the European Union 's society to make its responsibilities more aware of all those who care for it .
The Declaration of Madrid adopted in February by the Spanish Presidency established a road map for implementing this policy .
People accept what they know , but everything else is concerned .
There are still many inequalities in Europe , in the detriment of girls and women in terms of employment , their privacy , their health and their right to access to education and vocational training , and to the relocation of creative industries and with a high level of responsibility .
Today , over 5.5 million young people under 25 years are unemployed ( <UNK> % ) , which is doubly more than the overall unemployment level .
A unanimous agreement was reached between the European governments and the Commission , together with the proposal tabled by Eurocontrol , to act in this way .
As regards public procurement , they really find themselves a <UNK> way of our work in the Member States .
Just as we welcome the recent adoption of a resolution on the violations of human rights violations in Libya , we must take the same firm stance on the continuing illegal occupation of occupied occupied territories in Palestine .
I would like to know whether he has been saying , his colleague , the Bulgarian name , is the most dangerous words of Russia in relation to its recent meeting with Mr Putin .
I would like to add my thanks to the United States and Canada and the other nations in NATO for having reminded us .
Irrespective of the problems , Macedonia remains a stable state in the region , there are good relations with neighbouring countries , and I believe it is firmly <UNK> the path of the EU .
In my opinion , due to the fact that we have two different approach , we also need a legal basis .
There are scientists who are being heard in these <UNK> connections , and we should have one building , <UNK> to Copenhagen .
Small businesses are crucial .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , thank the rapporteur for the excellent work done on the European Union 's membership of the Convention on Human Rights , which is the benefit of the European citizens : thanks to the Convention , the Convention on the European Union , which will be a new external court for the European Union , which will always be the guarantee of European citizens ' rights and the Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the aim of this proposal for a regulation is to include some of the recommendations adopted by the General Fisheries Commission ( GFCM ) to improve legal certainty while , at the same time , making an important step towards simplification .
The question remains open , because the problem is complicated .
Last month , Parliament called on the Commission and the Council to stop merely using words and take any action .
It also confirms the objectives included in the roadmap from the size , industrialised countries to reduce emissions by 80 % by 2050 .
However , I firmly believe that this improved agreement , unlike a very long trialogue agreement , is worthy of the agreement that Parliament is worthy of the agreement .
It is therefore a sensible and well-functioning process of optimising the legal framework for public procurement is essential for the welfare of citizens , consumers and businesses of the European Union , as well as for national , regional and local authorities .
I think it was a good idea for the Commission to attend this House today to report on the ban on the use of the <UNK> cages , which will enter into force on January 2012 .
The banks in Central and Eastern Europe who have proved stable , have not received the capital capital from anyone .
I believe that we need a stronger research activity in order to strengthen the environmental impact and climate policies and the Commission to attach priority to this area as part of the Eighth Framework Programme .
in writing . - ( LT ) I welcome this document , because it recommends the urban dimension of cohesion policy to focus on three objectives : firstly , to help develop their sustainable infrastructure as a precondition for growth , so as to fully implement them in the economic growth in Europe , in particular , to promote the diversification of energy and environmental and environmental performance in the development of the energy sector ; and to help to help to promote sustainable development in particular , in order to help to help to promote sustainable and to promote sustainable fishing fleets and promote sustainable development in the regional and promote sustainable development of the strategy , in the regional and regional development of the development of the development of the regional development of the regional development of the strategy , in order to help in the strategy , in order to help to help to help to help to help to help to help to help to promote sustainable development and promote sustainable development of the regional and regional and regional and regional development of the regional development of the regional development of the regional and boost the regional and promote the regional development of the regional and regional and regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the regional development of the development of the regional development of the development of the regional development of the development of the strategy , in order to promote the development of the development of the development of the regional development of the development of the regional and regional and regional and regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the regional development of the regional development of the strategy , regional and regional development of the strategy , regional development of the strategy , in order to help in order to promote the strategy , promote the strategy , in order to help in order to help in order to help in order to help in order to promote the strategy , promote the regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the strategy , in the strategy , in the strategy , in order to promote the strategy , in order to help in the development of the development of the development of the strategy , promote the strategy , promote the strategy , regional development of the strategy , in the strategy , in the development of the strategy , promote the development of the strategy , in the strategy , in order to promote this sector , promote this package of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of regional development of regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional development of the development of regional development of regional development of regional development of regional development of regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional and regional development of the strategy , in the strategy , in order of the strategy , as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as this document , in order of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the regional development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of the development of regional development of regional development of regional development of regional development of the strategy , regional development of the development of the development of the development of the regional development of the strategy , as well as this document , as well as well as well as
However , in a Union where internal borders are actually <UNK> , Europe must act in the long term to equip its ambitions .
It is very important to clarify the size of the quantities of the food and , furthermore , to establish what costs will be .
To achieve the objectives of achieving the objectives of achieving the appropriate partnerships .
The main aim is to ensure compliance with the provisions of 2007 , thereby ensuring that the ozone layer can recover and avoid the adverse impact of human health and ecosystems .
We are advocating the development of certification systems .
Mr President , as the <UNK> of the <UNK> group , national minorities and minority communities , I strongly condemn the actions taken by the Belarusian authorities against the largest minority and against members of the Portuguese community .
Through prior to the work of the work carried out by the investigation , we have been subjected to the end of the investigation .
Mr President , this is some kind of <UNK> .
The internal market can be integrated , by promoting cross-border transactions and I believe that this report can help achieve this objective .
Declaration of financial interests : see Minutes
The same applies to other issues that I will not mention here .
The income of income was not backed by the aid granted by the Member States .
I would like to point out that it is impossible for the trend of poverty to be a year for one year .
Without doubt , when I am talking about the public role of sport , issues relating to education and preparations are very important and I believe that education is still more important for our common European identity .
The directive on recognition of professional qualifications can not be a success and will allow the opportunity to call on this philosophy to speed up the work on both directives , as we will not have any progress with the internal market .
The removal of the gap is therefore being made to those countries who want to commit themselves to the limited use of DCM and who must prove that the <UNK> will be used as efficiently and ensure the protection of workers .
When it comes to the world and it can actually lead to an absolute confusion across the entire market for everyone else , this is not a situation that we can continue .
I believe that in the framework of integration into the common European market , the European market should also remove restrictions on internal access to internal market Member States .
Tackling the Court of Auditors identified in areas where most of the problems identified by which we have just identified , remains a priority .
Such legislation lacks legislation in some countries of the European Union .
I hope the result of this effort will be satisfactory .
I supported this resolution , I congratulate the rapporteur and am proud that I am the first member of the European Parliament , which has caused a debate on multilingualism within the institutions through written declaration .
Firstly , this regional approach should have a strong impact assessment , such as the sectors of added value .
The Spanish Presidency therefore included the development of electric vehicles among its priorities , such as a healthy way of transport , in order to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels in transport and thus to produce an efficient and competitive transport system .
The objective of increasing energy efficiency by 20 % cause cause cause of the greatest amount .
( PL ) From Europe 's unprecedented economic growth and the most severe economic growth of the crisis can be made too different conclusions .
However , as it usually happens , colleagues are using the plight of women 's <UNK> and girls to raise the issue of abortion , such as the <UNK> in the <UNK> report on sexual and reproductive rights ' .
I believe that the mutual recognition of the imbalance between Member States is very important , because it is not only a question of healthcare , but also for the follow-up , but we have a period where this derogation can be <UNK> .
The civil protection force should focus on their preparation for floods and floods .
It is therefore necessary to create a European strategy for these industries , where they have the opportunity to express their potential and receive recognition of their institutional role as a culture of culture and by creating employment and job creation .
We have also had a thorough boost in growth , and now we will have national reform programmes in which many Member States will clearly make it clear what the objectives are to them and how they hope they will achieve .
Ladies and gentlemen , the theory was set out and carefully carefully , but I would ask the rapporteur to take the floor .
Finally , I was very surprised that I was very much appreciated by the Italian Prime Minister who uses President Obama 's speech in his speech when he said that , when we talk about how important it is to continue with the engagement in relations with the Tibetan regimes , we have no doubt that we really lack of real indignation .
I voted for this resolution because it proposes a common ban on the use of cyanide in mining in the European Union by the end of 2011 and because I understand that a ban is only reliable way to protect our resources and ecosystems caused by the use of cyanide in mines .
We will do everything we can to ensure the right thing .
I regret that this conflict has not yet been resolved , but I can assure the honourable Member that we are trying , together with our Czech colleagues , to find a solution as soon as possible .
Or can the Commissioner find these concerns ?
- Before the vote on paragraph 8 :
We fully respect the use of spectrum for radio and cultural activities : this must be made clear .
I have the commitment to the negotiating possible agreement and the subsequent assessments of our agreements .
However , the European Parliament adopted a proposal for which we voted for extending the aid to 2018 .
In 2010 , the EIB has allocated loans to projects which contribute directly to reducing greenhouse gas emissions from almost 20 billion , which is almost 30 % of the total appropriations .
This is extremely imperative .
We have seen in the past what has been said , Parliament has repeatedly expressed its support for the current negotiations within the Mercosur Delegation delegation , the delegation for the <UNK> Parliamentary Assembly ( <UNK> ) and plenary sessions a number of parliamentary sessions .
A year was 2007 since 2007 , when we cut down by 34 % compared to the <UNK> period .
I believe that my opinion on this issue , including in the quality of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , share by colleagues .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
It is clear that the provisions on experiments must be changed , but European research must not be punished to suffer the consequences of the new legislation .
However , in the course of the dialogue with the Council on this report , it became clear that the call on Parliament 's call for no response .
Thank you for your comments .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to state the following : Spain , as always demonstrated its very clear support to the Treaty of Lisbon .
Commissioner , it is interesting to explain how the Commission tries to face these problems in the long term .
Some of the previous speakers have criticised and the President , and the High Representative , which I consider is very timely .
Finally , with pride , I am sorry , within the framework of the explanations of vote , that together with all the Members of this House , we voted unanimously , because we have obviously had a need for this issue , we obviously have no unanimity and not been able to negotiate disputes .
It is very important that such proportionality and degrading treatment be implemented in foreign service .
In Germany , we have to create the so-called <UNK> banks ' ; in countries , they are doing at the same time .
We need to persuade Member States to agree on the recognition of educational qualifications , regardless of the country in which they have been obtained .
The directive on unfair commercial practices and the directive on misleading advertising and comparative advertising are of the point of view of this consumer confidence and to ensure legal certainty for the internal market .
The existing framework of free movement of workers and employees is established in a regulation ( EEC ) No <UNK> of the Council on the free movement of workers in the Community and has already been repeatedly heard .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
The workers protesting against the measures taken by the government , workers who are neither less working , nor can you see data ; you can see data .
in writing . - ( EL ) The EP delegation of the Greek Communist Party voted against the motion for a resolution of political parties in the European Parliament , calling for the immediate release of all detainees arrested and arrested by the United States in Guantánamo , and the immediate abolition of the United Nations , which also maintains the abolition of the people of the Serbian people and its government .
Finally , a more successful cohesion policy mechanism is a success and a whole thing must be increased transparency and reduced .
The principle of solidarity must ensure a platform for the development of the EU 's energy policies .
That is why my colleague , Vice-President Reding , is proposing a strategy that will now be called <UNK> between the leadership in the leadership of businesses ' .
We expect Europe to take a leading role in Copenhagen on climate change ; we can also make it a good job and with all ILO conventions .
These include the issues of access to jobs and detention in the context of the directive on reception conditions and how best to respond to the needs of the Member States , taking particular pressure into the Dublin Regulation .
Member States involved in the second loan in March a year on the reduction in the rate of a rate of 1 % and an extension of the <UNK> of the <UNK> .
These include the creation of a permanent mechanism for the euro against speculative attacks , monitoring of the activities currently available to credit rating agencies and possibly create a European credit rating agency .
The figures speak themselves .
Moreover , I think that the Council also stressed the importance of the proposal in terms of the need to create a new integrated point of view .
This is all , Mr President , the Commission , Commissioner , which I wanted to say in opening up this debate .
This , on the one hand , but I will also be looking forward to a number of social , environmental and economic criteria , as I have made a commitment to the assessment of all the regulations .
The crisis has created some very serious concerns for the municipalities , workers and businesses throughout Europe .
This is the urgent need to establish procedures for combating illegal trade in timber with timber , by implementing a better analysis and control of the complex trade flows .
Subject : <UNK>
I see that the <UNK> and <UNK> in plenary here , or those who think they are not aware that the rapporteur has made a <UNK> after the report was not discussed at plenary .
( DE ) Mr President , I wonder why I have always believed that the Commission does not want to present things before the European Parliament .
I firmly believe that the area of Romania , for example , has been better protected by such borders for similar to other countries in the Schengen area .
Aid and the Commission 's assistance will be important to ensure that this is carried out in a way that meets European standards , using the best practice .
The cycle currently stands at the cycle of the reporting cycle , which I consider is appropriate and I do not understand why it is necessary to introduce a new three-year cycle that will end up in the end .
However , it must be ensured that , as a result of this proposal , small carriers will not be forced to stop the occurrence of the countryside due to bureaucratic or to a highly bureaucratic cost of insurance .
Mr President , Commissioner , we have raised the subject of discussing contacts between the European Union 's institutions and its citizens .
These controls are essential .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of this resolution because I believe it is necessary to create a system of supervision and control of credit rating agencies .
They have been <UNK> soldiers and used civilians as a resident population , but this is no means of weakening the responsibility of the public authorities in this case .
Sometimes we must even be able to get a stop to the coercion , if ordinary arguments do not give rise to them .
Perhaps we were it in the European policy , we would not have been here .
On the other hand , I voted in favour of the deterioration of the problems facing agriculture as a result of climate change , as I believe that the regions affected regions must be accordingly compensated .
The social , serious , or coordinated solution to the climate change problem can not be found in the logic of the system that it has been <UNK> .
We must provide full support to those countries who do not have the conditions or the possibility of providing assistance to their citizens .
The negative collapse has a particularly strong impact on the small and medium-sized enterprises , which provides most of the jobs of jobs , and now a huge amount of employees in the light of the export and reducing the development opportunities for development .
The regime has grounds to be afraid .
This is the most effective instruments that we will propose .
Of course , this would be contrary to the new framework directive for electronic communications .
International trade has become a form of new foreign policy and could help create better conditions for living in the entire region .
These are houses that they are <UNK> and are not even provided compensation for this .
For this reason , I have not chosen to talk about the reports that we have before us today .
I would like to mention three violations of the fundamental right of religious freedom as a way of appeal to the Council and the Commission , here , united here in a person - you , High Representative - to give the right to vote and to those of these and all the other citizens .
Respect for fundamental human rights in all the countries of Europe is the foundation of EU cooperation .
The decisions we have taken there were fundamental and important .
Food security is a fundamental human right of human rights , which is achieved when all people have physical , social and economic access to sufficient food .
I would like them to do so .
Member States should thoroughly examine this strategy and create as quickly as possible , with the implementation of the strategy and coordination with the other Member States .
It was not time to give its support to this report .
We are not an obligation for translation of all documents , but only those who are essential to enable human life to understand what happens to do with it or her .
The interests and ideas can see each step in the European Union and must be continued .
We will continue to improve the emergence and more comprehensive approach that we have taken .
European farmers are already endeavouring to ensure safe products using safe techniques that do not harm the environment and comply with animal welfare standards .
I am sure Mrs Malmström will be a representative of the High Representative .
That is why I believe it is right to put the State subsidies for the mines in 2014 in 2014 .
We therefore need more effective coordination between the measures taken by the United States and those who commit to the EU .
They need them a rule of law , good transparency , we need our experience as partners .
This unprecedented economic crisis , which has hit serious , has caused the dramatic disaster for developing countries .
The fact that the MEPs voted against this report was <UNK> and a clear sign of danger that can not be ignored .
There is no excuse ; there is no justification as possible .
Unfortunately , the European political leaders who visited the island , have not been able to meet with representatives of the <UNK> who , for this reason , have been isolated .
You specifically raised the question of the <UNK> of Mayotte and Lampedusa .
We agree with what he has said .
Negotiations between the EU and the Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) continue two decades to negotiate an FTA agreement on free trade .
I believe that the accusations directed aimed at Romania are also aimed at the EU .
To this end , as regards the content , we must consider two key aspects to achieve success in implementing .
( NL ) Madam President , the European Parliament and the Member States apply double standards .
The average age of patients involved in the old age of <UNK> <UNK> is 63 , and at the same time , 44 % of patients are over the first age when they are the first time to be such a diagnosis .
The Commission , although it is not authorised for other complaints concerning the implementation of electronic communications in Bulgaria , will continue to monitor the current situation in order to ensure compliance with EU law .
As regards the issue of genetically modified organisms , I would like to remind the House that the Union and Canada have signed a more comprehensive solution to overcome these differences .
Taking into account the events and the need for a more comprehensive approach to the <UNK> procedures and management procedures , the Commission began the initiative , during the period of study in the period of 17 days , 18 April , together with the Spanish Presidency and Eurocontrol , to propose a coordinated European approach .
However , it is necessary for it and research .
Madam President , Commissioner , for the most important sentence of the resolution , which states paragraph 7 , which states : <UNK> , in accordance with the principles of better regulation , every future piece of legislation to be accompanied by a complete assessment of the regulatory and administrative burdens and administrative burdens , and to ensure that any new law is met .
One example of this is the statement by the President of Poland 's President , Alexander <UNK> , and President of Germany , <UNK> .
Yesterday , during my <UNK> conversation with the Prime Minister of Japan , he has shown me that it also wants to cooperate with us , including in international efforts that are still in the G20 and , to achieve higher levels of safety in the world .
The answer was made by two parts : <UNK> , without weapons ' for the least developed countries and economic partnership agreements for developing countries .
We must ensure that this is a common fight which understands the objective and elimination of all forms of discrimination .
These principles are particularly important for the quality of products and the conditions for production , including in terms of combating climate change and reducing CO2 emissions .
The new rules will reduce bureaucracy , including by mutual recognition of the regulatory solutions of each of the countries and will be <UNK> in duplication of resources .
I understand that , in the process of electing the Commissioners , there are no room for manoeuvre .
We are , of course , preparing ideas for the quality of quality and we want the European Union to be given attention and to be paid .
We therefore very much welcome all the comments that we welcome .
The next item is the statement by the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and the policy of the Commission on the situation in Iraq .
Between 1990 and 2005 emissions of the transport sector are increased by 32 % .
The funding for the EU enlargement needs to be implemented with Croatia 's accession and implementing the Treaty of Lisbon will be integrated into a charter or amending budget .
That is why it is important to agree on the first reading .
It is through the most precarious work that the institutions are taking place within the European structure , not through ...
It is clear that the <UNK> continue to be <UNK> , as well as the Icelandic volcano .
Will they succeed in the country integrate so many people so short time ?
This is the right path we must take , and we should also take particular attention to the rights of artists and preventing piracy .
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group . - ( NL ) Mr President , Palestine is undoubtedly a territory .
No other text that is available to be replaced by paragraph 9 .
However , all our children are at risk , because the victims of sexual exploitation of children and child pornography are being demolished .
On the basis of these financial instruments and within the framework of the 2014-2020 , the Commission must also set a solution for financing gas from alternative sources that can have a tangible impact on the European gas market and energy market .
The European Union must therefore adopt an industrial policy that combines competitiveness , sustainability and decent working conditions .
It is important to be fully aware of the situation on the basis of accurate data on what was in Fukushima .
The European Union has made a commitment to stepping up its contribution to the international coordination and the High Representative and Vice-President of this issue .
The border border for sexual crimes should also be harmonised .
We defend free access to our cultural heritage and the intergenerational solidarity between generations and neighbours .
We must bear in mind that there are also <UNK> species , for example , tuna and that each year on the resources set for the next year .
Minister , I welcome the <UNK> and - if I can express my view - both Mr López Garrido and Commissioner Rehn , whom I would like to congratulate him and wish him to congratulate him on his new office .
We were the first organisation that we have been committed in 2006 , in cooperation and the agreement on the collaboration with the Court of Justice , the establishment of the International Criminal Court of Justice and diplomatic support through the elections , political and dialogues .
We must also ensure that any clarity is guaranteed in relation to funding .
Passengers who travel to part of these journeys are also covered .
So what is trying to prove ?
What would it be for this kind of disparity between official statistics and the exposure of medical workers ?
If we are not able to ask ourselves today about the scope of the effective mechanisms for exerting pressure and to implement what kind of situation would really take us into action .
The European Union needs a new , medium-term strategic vision for growth and development , combined with sensible collection and redistribution of financial resources .
The question is : who is responsible and who is - the financial burden ?
While MEPs always have a fundamental role in the field of politics , we must be able to be able to take advantage of this work .
In society , and especially during the time of the development of the <UNK> infrastructure , the reporting facility for the storage of data and the processing of data can be located in various places and even in various countries .
Unfortunately , this year , representatives of the Council have made the invitation of the technical committee .
Unfortunately , I am sorry for the vote because , when you look at the plenary , you did not have .
For these reasons , I have decided to vote in favour of the provision as a whole .
Of course , we must fight against crimes in the Internet and against crimes that exploit children and young people .
Compared compared to other Member States , I feel <UNK> because this is sometimes one third or not the option of this possibility .
Let me also thank the shadow rapporteurs from the Committee on Petitions for their constructive support .
Transport is another area where it will be necessary to amend and improve the environment .
The number of recent is quite significant .
We also need independent monitoring structures to ensure the quality of the EIB 's results and compliance with the authority of conduct for behaviour .
One example of concrete actions during our Presidency safety in the field of road safety are the final negotiations between the Council and Parliament on a proposal for a regulation on the requirements for the common safety of motor vehicles .
When will we have a European credit rating agency ?
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner Rehn , as you know , there are two ways of reducing the way in reducing deficits .
The statistical data were also discussed .
In fact , this report on equality between women and men , which we are voting on every year , is particularly important for me .
It is therefore slow to the social housing reform and in the objectives of the common interest and , in my opinion , is the most ambitious definition of what social services are represented by common interest .
Such a measure will help eliminate poverty and allow older opportunities to live .
This is not enough because Article 9 is to bring the objectives of the European Union , as laid down in Article 3 of the Treaty .
However , the Innovation Union will only succeed if it is implemented with the Member States and regions .
Out of large farms are expected in terms of jobs and the environment .
The Commission , together with the Council and the European Parliament , must develop this and open and more comprehensive indicators for the Member States .
There will need to be long-term solutions in connection with the debate that we will have to start on the new common agricultural policy .
The next item is voting time .
We have raised many questions .
This is a serious process in which experience plays an increasingly important role .
In information that the Council has also provided that it will also ensure compliance with the provisions of the accession treaty and maintains that it is right to demand the Member States that continue to apply restrictions .
Above all , we need to think about the social dimension : this is a question of people and we must ensure that they retain their dignity , they will feel beneficial and gain an active recognition and have economic opportunities to negotiate .
We share your concern about the right thing .
I am for the continuation of quotas .
In fact , I do not agree with the <UNK> approach that is often made to satisfy the needs of the country , including with regard to the institutions , and private sector .
In this respect , there are no obstacles to the informal exchange of good practices or best practices between the parties .
The first concerns research , in particular , and in the urban and operational programmes .
My committee is now beginning to start whether safety , given particular , in particular , the freight corridors , is beginning to postpone the inability to implement European legislation .
That is why I very much welcome your efforts and we have made your work and I would like to congratulate you personally .
It would be not be like the situation in Malta , where , as I understand , it is particularly difficult , but I think everyone in the European Union is in something like this like this and without doubt we need to work together .
The main aim of this document is to help Bulgaria 's efforts to decommission 4 of the nuclear power plant at its nuclear power plant .
Unfortunately , he has been able to visit the opposition , which would otherwise be a <UNK> .
I have already mentioned the Commission 's progress report .
They are used almost in all areas of activity , which must therefore ensure maximum clarity in their use and establish rules for using them in the European Union 's economy , public safety , public safety and administrative activities .
We all remind us that the accession process of Turkey to the EU continues to be strategically important for the European Union .
We must respect our commitments to the countries of the South , making sure that we distinguish between the various categories of the South countries , because real China and Africa can not be put into effect in the same and peaceful basket .
We must send a clear and consistent political message to the Commission and our citizens .
Annual report on human rights in the world and EU policy in this area ( debate )
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start - and not because of the requirements of the label , but by expressing my sincere thanks to Vice-President Verheugen , to the Vice-President of the Commissioner , the Commission , its staff , the Czech Presidency , which unfortunately can not be with us today and the members of the committee on their cooperation and cooperation on the current dossier .
It is true that the work done its activities , the Court states also highlight the irregularities in relation to these funds .
What will we be going to be involved in June on the 2020 strategy ?
The summit must serve as a review of energy security policy , which must be applied on the basis of interdependence , transparency , ensuring supply and combating climate change , as well as improving energy efficiency .
In accordance with Rule 140 of the Rules of Procedure , the proposal is being put to the vote .
This is all the most vulnerable to the largest victims of journalists in the world .
Until now , the UN Convention on the Sea and the United Nations Fisheries Agreement were sufficient to regulate natural resources in the North Sea and the sea seabed .
Agenda for next part-session : see Minutes
Moreover , I believe , the argument presented at this point that there is no agenda for the time .
I ask you the following : firstly , will you take action now , do not only mean strict monitoring of the countries , but also in order to monitor the strict monitoring of the markets and , if we take action ?
The scale of the table are being spent today , but they are actually intended to feed the financial markets while people are only <UNK> pain .
However , recognition of the existing differences that govern differences in interests and priorities do not result in the conclusion that the European Union has no place in the world or that it should be imposed on a foreign policy in their own interests with their own interests or even their own history .
We still have farmers who want to produce food .
In short , if we are to succeed , we must be able to withstand the European regions , small and large towns and to a reformed cohesion policy in line with the new situation .
Now it is time to behave sensibly and responsibly .
This is the price of which we will prove that we are united in relation to the principles that we have so often neglected show that we respect the principles of others .
I have been reminded , but I believe that all the declarations made to this budget for the financial year 2011 - because , yes , a budget , it is also a political budget that Parliament has shown itself with political priorities that it included in the budget - whether it is the European added value - the European added value - the Commission - the Commission 's statement in the context of the context of the European Union - or the context of the second reading of all of the European Union , which has already been carried out of the Treaty on the current statements that we have been carried out of the European Union has already undertaken in the Treaty on the Treaty on the current statements .
It has no <UNK> structure and therefore can be taken into account in the immediate effort of the infection .
Other environmental amendments also have a greater impact on people from the Arctic region , biodiversity biodiversity and both internally and the sea .
In view of the improvements made by mediation , we will vote in favour .
We must insist on the development of the civil dimension of the peace process and the military missions , as well as the management of crisis management and recovery .
Mr President , I abstained on this issue for two reasons .
And North , North and South Sudan must be managed on the basis of democracy and the rule of law , in respect of human rights and social rights .
The measures taken to be taken by Greece have the importance of strengthening fiscal sustainability and confidence in the market are very warmly welcomed by the Commission , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
It would be right for the Council to know that the European Parliament does not want a European independent European supervisory structure and the ESRB to create or <UNK> , but rather the <UNK> of all parties .
No one can determine the sexual orientation or discrimination based on sexual orientation .
The Commission is pleased to be pleased that the sanctions in this directive are being taken into account , particularly for which these penalties are necessary , both necessary and appropriate .
Every region , every company , every citizen is required us .
Adjournment of the session
The application of eligibility criteria established by the EGF Regulation , which is why I voted in favour of the mobilisation of the fund .
I would therefore like to urge Member States to apply the right directives for equal treatment between men and women in the area of employment .
Once again , I congratulate you and congratulations at this difficult time for you , and I hope that you will be able to resolve these problems and also to present the next summit .
We agree with the Commissioner not only because we agree with it , but because it expresses the goal that the world can not afford to do not .
What do we think we have to change the way in which you have done their job ?
We believe farmers must be given the service provision for the provision of society .
Action and promotion of the products of the internal market and in third countries ( debate )
I therefore welcome the report today and believe that , from now on , we must continue to deal with the financial speculators and speculators that are causing chaos in the lives of people and trying to overthrow sovereign governments .
I have reminded all the victims with a great deal of sympathy .
The failure of the resources , as you said , Commissioner , is another factor that the conflict is taking .
Finally , it aims to bring all Member States to put in place medical assistance - namely access to free migrants for illegal migrants .
We have reached 28 compromise ; compromises instead of <UNK> , rather <UNK> the strategic vision we wanted to give to this report , on our commitment to the Mediterranean .
This applies mainly to the flow of energy produced by the natural energy sources .
I am happy to provide you with a more detailed and more comprehensive response on this issue in writing , if I send a letter in short time , so that I can do so within the mandate of the current Commission .
To conclude a very unusual debate : the mother of pregnancy is the most recent time , and I am now here , as the Deputy Prime Minister of the Czech Republic ; my brother are also excellent in an excellent form .
The cultural sector contributes to development and competitiveness of the European Union and to completion of the internal market , and also has a influence of the quality of life of citizens .
Yes , I have a question on Belarus .
In the European Union , we should always strive for better regulation .
On its part , the Commission must ensure appropriate levels of funding .
For this reason , the Commission proposal for a directive is a positive step .
Governments and taxpayers should have had the banking sector in the European Union with a <UNK> of around EUR <UNK> .
The security of the financial assets of the European public is of great good , whose importance is too high to be given to the <UNK> of the proposed directive .
There is much talk of the economy , integration and foreign policy , which is obviously important .
In addition , the objectives of combating unemployment among people , as well as promoting employment for older citizens , it is imperative to promote the recognition of national qualifications between Member States and to encourage the exercise of the skills acquired by the investigation .
We will not have a debate in plenary .
The whole world 's approach are aimed at the EU model and with admiration , because we have a <UNK> and binding agreement .
We must also know how the operational costs and the subsequent costs of this institution will be .
It is true that Switzerland should pay for 600 million <UNK> million in the year , but the Estonian Government takes into account the EU 's money , that it is not a member of the European Union , of the highest EUR <UNK> billion per year or a sum of EUR <UNK> billion per year .
( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , a <UNK> years ago , my compatriots of Germany , have been able to travel freely .
It is therefore increasingly important Europe to equip itself with an effective instrument .
Currently , the German Government has adopted its multiannual programme so we will have to wait until the end of the year , before we start discussing this important debate .
Why can the 27 European countries not agree on a strategy ?
In view of this , I do not see reason why I am voting against the mobilisation of the fund in this case .
Member States are not particularly happy .
The inclusion of civil society in the process of drawing up the agreement with Cameroon represents a positive indication of this .
Nothing is nothing .
Serbia , which is characterised by the Christian tradition , has consistently proven their good intentions .
Particular attention must be paid to less favoured areas , particularly the areas of mountain regions and small farms .
I would like to start with what I believe are the most effective and most effective achievements of the 2011 budget and for those who are particularly important for European citizens .
However , I have a number of complaints to the regulations .
Unfortunately , the example of Kyrgyzstan shows how poor governance and the lack of reforms can essentially lead to political instability and , ultimately , violence .
Moreover , in the interests of social justice and in the distinction between the monopolies and the excessive remuneration in the company , the company must be acceptable .
In my country , Germany - probably not .
My last remark is the following : the climate conference is climate .
I think that attention should be taken into account .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank everyone for the very successful debate , as well as for the support she has been given .
However , I would like to point out that such important measures such as those we are debating today require more time for the <UNK> and the time we have been talking about the <UNK> ' time we had had been excluded because of the expiry deadlines is completely inadequate .
The ultimate aim was set out by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , is to achieve a level of WEEE from 85 % to 2016 and at a level between 50 % and 75 % in category of the category .
What we need is to put a more practical practice in practice on profits and competition , known as flexicurity , the age of retirement age and so on .
At the same time , we must be aware of the future risks we are exposed .
I have no information to the Commission in order to consider this issue .
Should Europe not give its approval to everything ?
The reports of this was a signal of some of us who have the difficulties we have at present but we deeply felt that the democratic spirit will turn the liberty of a country that is suffering long and unacceptable and unacceptable , which are being <UNK> for people from Côte d'Ivoire .
This is a first step .
Of course , we must also understand that the strategic position of Sri Lanka provides an area for external factors , it <UNK> external factors that are very difficult to control within the country itself .
The Presidency 's Presidency is not only aimed at the European Parliament , but also to the Commission , because the majority of what we are doing is linked to the recovery of redundancies contained in the Commission 's proposal , which the Council is asking for the Commission to demand and also to carry out measures on the measures for creating jobs .
At the same time , we will also achieve closer cooperation between the Court of Justice of the European Court of Human Rights and national courts .
We will discuss more closely the Employment Summit .
The major problem among our fellow citizens , which is currently being raised at all of our meetings , is whether their savings are still in safety .
It is a fact that the Croatian and right-wing governments are considering a very different issue in the agreement that does not create mutual trust .
We will send it closer to the regions , to the unions and to <UNK> and business organisations so that the discussion can be as easy as possible .
We also have taken the need for positive action to increase the representation of women in political , economic and monetary authorities with decision-making powers .
Above all , the paragraph 59 provides that we can help to end the crisis by increasing employment rates and proposes to adopt policies from outside the EU , even proposes to reach citizenship .
It must become part of the European agenda .
I also oppose the inclusion of a clear reference to the <UNK> of a genuine opposition to the Tibetan people in a resolution .
That is what consumers must now have .
We have not always been of the opinion , but perhaps we will soon have a new mandate in the new Commission , a new post and I wish you success .
We are counting on all the dead , injured or murdered in such attacks .
Communication of Council common positions : see Minutes
Some adverse weather conditions , particularly storm Xynthia , have also affected Spain , and particularly the areas of the Comoros and the Canary Islands , as well as France and some other countries .
The most important solution in relation to the European economic policy is the <UNK> ' pact , which provides a common agenda and common objectives .
MEPs votes and personally vote .
The fight against racism and xenophobia from President Ahmadinejad is worth more than others .
Thanks to the latest research and technologies , the crisis has been missed , which , at the same time , supports the measures relating to climate change .
What we call for you now is possible , Commissioner , is possible to give Parliament a final answer to whether the Hungarian constitution is in accordance with European legislation and fundamental rights .
We call together the most effective nature of poverty and the whole spectrum of situations in the Member States .
I would therefore like to propose the first step that the Commission could take , to enable these countries in North Africa , which are the way in which the path of democracy are built on the market free access to the market in Europe .
We must take measures to combat this negative trend .
Furthermore , we must avoid leaving such products , not <UNK> with <UNK> meat ' , to fall in public childcare facilities where food is <UNK> .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the most important types of work often make the form of atypical contracts that can not guarantee social protection for workers .
Prime Minister , like the Hungarian Prime Minister , I would like to come back to the six months of the current Presidency with pride and with a very modest chapter .
I am pleased to repeat that a complex law would not have the greatest degree of interest in the countries ; in the case of public procurement is the opposite .
Honourable Members , official data are quite different .
We must remove the positions created by the Treaty of Lisbon .
I will return to this question , as I will have the opportunity to return , as you know , in the coming weeks or months , to a number of proposals that were set out in the agenda approved by the Commission on 2 June , which was supported by the Council of the European Council and adopted by the European Council .
We do not know about greater integration or tax transfers between the peoples of Europe , it will be necessary to remove the EU 's current monetary monetary monetary union and establish a union .
We demand that , when these circumstances , it is not in the country 's country for elections which the current government will organise in March , as these elections represent the conclusion of the agreement negotiated .
The European Commission text is a disgrace .
The impact of the Arctic are aware of the growing influence of external social , economic and political factors on their lives .
It is time for action .
The legitimacy of the need for a growing role of the European Parliament in discussion on these issues , such as those we have had here today : we have been talking about different viewpoints , but a stronger European Union and a stronger euro .
The main problem is therefore not due to a lack of food products , but because poor can no longer afford to feed food food prices .
It is an economic integration and the right of Community law , as well as equal treatment for all European companies in the European Union .
As many of you said , this is not just the responsibility of one or two people ; all the European institutions and all Member States must take collective responsibility .
We call for collective redress for collective redress .
None of the four attacks identified by the Council , there would be no stop , although the subsequent investigations would probably be easier to have been easier .
The forthcoming meeting of the Arab League will be of key importance to restore the unity of the Arab countries , and particularly their common support for the Arab Peace Initiative .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
Some of the other controversial points have already been included in the Council 's overall approach to the decision making .
It is true that this change can not be imposed on .
I look forward to cooperating in the future .
Mr President , the vicious circle of the <UNK> negotiations has not resulted in concrete results and has not improved the situation of the Tibetan population .
I also believe that there should be social and cultural approach , in order to avoid deepening the inequalities and without existing inequalities in terms of employment levels and employment .
It will also strengthen the EU 's most effective consensus on the basis of the three <UNK> ' , namely , consolidating the implementation of specific conditions and communication , combined with the EU 's ability to integrate new members .
On Monday , the final version of Eurocontrol was held in the wake of which agreement was agreed on the so-called <UNK> ' model .
The Commission has already worked on it and will report on your results .
It must be noted that the European Union represents a very clear and unique model based on democracy and coexistence of the peoples of the European Union .
I would emphasise our concern that differences in the treatment of different professional activities must be taken into account in the various <UNK> , both at organisation and the degradation of labour and labour mechanisms .
We need tools in the process .
I would like to congratulate the Court of Auditors on the fact that the <UNK> ' is a <UNK> ' for this institution , as well as progress that achieves in its work every year , but also to remind us that we must do our work in that direction .
The answer is like researchers , scientists , the relocation of policies , workers in <UNK> , consumers and citizens .
We must adopt the facts .
Some <UNK> have been restricted in the future where the free movement of data is a <UNK> in which the big business is allowed to coordinate innovation and in the providers of the Internet are becoming <UNK> .
The CAP must be simplified , as this will make our agriculture more environmentally friendly , thereby creating jobs and create jobs and contribute to the sustainable development of rural areas .
in writing . - The MEPs have received over 400 petitions on the occasion of misleading commercial practices applied by some directory companies that affect thousands of businesses in the European Union .
The price of sugar and meat are being raised in sugar and while at least 2 % increase in production production prices will continue to increase .
Although I support the call on the Commission to table a proposal for legislative amendments and for the two measures , this does not mean any support for the Commission proposal .
Obviously , the judges , it is necessary to be experts in their local law , which is sufficiently complex in itself , must be obliged to have and knowledge .
Mr Barroso is committed to 3 % for investment in research and development .
We continue working on monitoring the road map and support for building the statehood , including in sensitive areas such as the rule and governance of borders .
Secondly , it must clearly be clear that the European Commission 's most ambitious mandate should be strictly limited within the Community acquis to ensure that no one <UNK> treaty will mean another .
Consumers are living in the Netherlands , there are a good protection in the Netherlands , but they are currently carrying out of the online shops , often from foreign shops , this protection is not guaranteed or is justifiable .
We consider this as part of the development of a comprehensive and integrated energy policy .
Our debate is based on the position of the European Court of Auditors .
It is right to condemn the horrific murders carried out by the fanatics .
Ten pages seem little to be made , but they are full of concrete initiatives .
Until we deal with power in this area , we will not have a solution .
I do not know why , but I understand that some of the large groups in this House were not prepared to face the <UNK> General <UNK> who took place last week in Brussels .
The anti-grassroots and modern acquis of Community law is one of the EU 's objectives .
It seems that the criteria for determining the areas of the situation in a certain amount of confusion .
The ERTMS was established first of promoting interoperability .
<UNK> , including software and technology , which can also be used for civil , and military purposes , are considered to be used for technological use .
My Council is to take into account and adopt the democratic process in Poland and in France with the right ones .
As part of the European Neighbourhood Policy , we already have an initiative aimed at this region : the Black Sea Synergy .
As rapporteur for FYROM , I am particularly pleased that the country has made progress in 2009 and that the Commission proposed that the Council will propose a date for opening negotiations .
Mr President , it is late and I will try to be brief , but not because the problems are less important .
I would like to draw attention to this because , as you know , the Treaty of staff , the European Commission must include officials from the Commission , the Council and the diplomatic services of the Member States .
And in this way we have been using European taxpayers ' money that will take their lives , and at the same time our own citizens live badly .
We need strong evidence , not materials , which are required by pressure groups which use climate change for their own purposes or politicians who use climate change to undermine the European Union .
They should be truly effective in order to prevent <UNK> practices .
The creation of a monitoring mechanism is therefore very important if we want to win the support of the citizens of the Member States .
The Air Transport Agreement between the EU and Canada is very important for the future of relations between the two parties .
The most serious thing is that this is a regulation , not a directive .
Of course , Ukrainians must also be strengthened , but we can rely on us , ready to help them and help them to help them , and we will see what will lead to that in the longer term .
However , the banks are lending and their ability to be paid out of the derivatives .
Despite all the criticism , I , of course , wish you every success in your efforts to convince the two sides .
I believe that this should be regrettable .
The opinions of views clearly demonstrated how sensitive these issues are , and therefore , if Parliament approved the proposed legislative resolution , the Commission will fulfil its commitment , accompanied by the framework agreement and respond to the resolution in the previous timeframe .
Sudan and South Sudan (
Our financial sector is the <UNK> .
I believe it is advisable to give the authorities the right to correct their own application for the aviation product to avoid duplication of assessments carried out by the authorities .
This will contribute to preventing a number of budget transfers .
This is particularly important because this evening we are debating a regulation whose measures are expected to be expected in real conditions .
This contradicts the principle of transparency and the role of Parliament , which still has a more stable function .
The United States can receive part of the data of our passengers , but in three conditions .
My second request , Commissioner , is the Union using its entire energy and authority to ensure that Member States are fully adapting their legislation to international law .
The manufacturer is non-discriminatory access to the market for 14 years .
This is an important consideration because energy security is certainly not the consumer or rather the bill for energy and whether it can pay it .
Thank you very much for your attention .
The EU 's right to horizontal provisions on the immunity of MEPs and the elimination of immunity , which is why there should be a vote .
I therefore believe that we are now witnessing the result of a more balanced outcome - part of the historical process of European integration - because human dignity , human rights , democracy and the rule of law are part of the essence of the European integration process , which is of historic integration .
The first concerns the discharge of the Commission .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes
It was discussed and the Commission and the Council .
We urgently need to identify what the difficulties faced by Member States in implementing the directive , as well as difficulties for professionals themselves .
Full implementation in these Member States is also a question of equality and non-discrimination within Europe , because the exclusion of these two countries would have a very negative signal to their population , which has a great desire to join the area of free movement .
My own country - Finland - is ready to propose its own national strategy for Roma use .
However , there are many possibilities that must be used for green investments and policies , such as the economic recovery and stability .
If we have to summarise the debate , I would say , in conclusion , that the EU budget is actually too large .
However , as far as imports are concerned , compliance with our own rules can hardly be controlled .
In this case , the directive of the European Union and , consequently , its <UNK> , have clearly been adopted ; there is a lack of conflict with natural laws and will have a significant negative impact on the industrial industry .
We need permanent control of the mass , division of <UNK> - in my opinion , it is necessary for the EU 's <UNK> of animal feed , we need better protection for farmers who are unable to prevent such negligence and criminal penalties in the chain .
However , on the other hand , such measures will provide an in-depth analysis of analysis that is impossible to do not go down borders .
Madam President , this is really good news .
For this reason , I supported this report .
During the same period , all trade barriers in terms of agricultural production and fish must be gradually removed , thereby enabling free trade .
Many have thought that the case of the German <UNK> ' is a problem .
rapporteur . - ( IT ) I have taken your invitation .
Guinea ( vote )
The European Union has mobilised all the existing political instruments to support the countries of the Western Balkans in their endeavour to reform and regional cooperation .
It is important that the service is established with the coordination of roles and cooperation between the Commission , the Council and Parliament and be based on mutual trust and for cooperation .
Ladies and gentlemen , we should support the Tunisians .
It also makes it clear the need for a new integrated Community strategy that goes beyond 27 national national plan .
( HU ) Europe and the European Union is like a peaceful project and now in the Middle East peace period in its history .
Now let me comment on one point on one occasion , and I try to concentrate on the substance to save time .
At the same time , I believe that the European Union and , in particular , the Commission must maintain its general commitment to the objectives that are in the reform process and adapting to the health and health systems .
There is a certain discrepancy between passengers who <UNK> their fields through an agency and those who <UNK> their ticket on the Internet ; I think that is another matter that we need to solve .
I thank colleagues for this report .
It is therefore right that the EU monitors all the actions that are taking place to those who openly criticise the mistakes of the state of State employees .
Before the vote :
However , I would like to emphasise that the administrative burden for micro-entities should not undermine the conditions for fair competition of the internal market of the Member States , nor the EU market .
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( SV ) Mr President , I thank you for the excellent points that are really important .
There are clearly the differences of events in Libya , where dialogue was replaced by military aggression and thus become a peaceful solution to the conflict .
Your original proposal is not perfect .
Written explanations of vote
Development aid ( ODA ) is the stabilisation and will continue to play a critical role in supporting our partners in tackling the crisis .
Yes , of course , we want it and we need concrete objectives in social and employment .
We agree with the rapporteur that companies must have freedom of establishment within the Single Market and be able to take their own country into another country .
I believe it would be good to agree on the amendments before the vote on Wednesday , in order to have complete unanimity in the whole House .
I do not , however , agree that the Centre is not fully aware of its obligation to send out a body that takes responsibility for discharge in respect of the budget , short presentation of the Centre 's audit , drawn up by the Centre for the number of internal auditor .
Ukraine has helped the moderate and Palestinian civil society and the environment .
At the same time , it will help reduce Europe 's dependence on energy imports , which is just as important benefit , as we have seen in the gas crisis .
I think it is a view that the Member States must be obliged to exchange information gathered in the criminal proceedings in relation to sexual abuse - and I believe that the European Information System of the data for the purposes of the perpetrators ( <UNK> ) is definitely a step forward to prevent the perpetrators of crimes in connection with certain children from being consulted , not only during the investigation process but only the investigation process .
I am thinking of five of the seven maritime maritime species , <UNK> , many types of speed and various important maritime maritime maritime maritime .
The countries are also three pillars : Norway , Iceland and Switzerland ; Liechtenstein must become a fourth .
The debate is closed .
At the same time , as they are doing , the Eurovignette mainly for commercial purposes .
Therefore , to this question , we simply need to proceed .
This is the case with this text , which has just been very well dominated by all the Members of all the countries and which affects all third-country nationals residing legally - I would highlight - in Europe .
( FR ) Madam President , I share the pleasure of all the Members of today 's debate and I would like to draw attention to territorial cohesion .
The second is that no mention is mentioned at all , that 2 October will be one of the most important documentation in the EU 's history , and this will be during the Swedish Presidency .
It was hit hard by the economic , financial and banking crisis .
It is equally important to continue the fight against the traffickers of people who benefit from the suffering and difficulties that affect immigrants to become Europe .
Tunisia , as well as Iraq and Egypt , was a political regime even a political regime , but also in the standards of the Middle East , was a secular regime , even the authoritarian regime .
I have received two motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with Rule 110 ( 5 ) ( 5 ) ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
One year after Lisbon : the EU-Africa partnership in Action ( debate )
The report aims to improve passenger rights in bus and coach transport - a ambition that I welcomed , as I voted in favour .
It is difficult to see how Mr Mubarak can play a different role in this transition , except .
However , it will also include all the issues of immigration and inclusion , under the Commissioner 's leadership , as these are problems of social inclusion .
This situation is in the face of the objective of territorial cohesion , whereby Member States develop balanced from a geographical point of view - a goal set out in the Treaty of Lisbon .
We are critical of the Russian side in the gas dispute between Russia and Ukraine and in the conflict between these two countries .
In fact , governments have been making more than them and what the government proposed is often implemented in parliament .
They will receive written answers .
This is yet another <UNK> of alarm and fair criticism that unfortunately not , until the bottom of the questions and , precisely because that remains a large extent , without value .
I believe that consumption is the main feature of a foreign society .
The role of the Presidency is actually to facilitate and thus should be more balanced .
It is true that we are leading to a large extent , but we still have a lot to do .
The UN Human Rights Council needs new legal instruments to monitor the constant human rights violations and to prompt response in emergencies , as they arise as a result of the political situation in Tunisia ( Egypt , Iran , Iran ) .
Time is a short time .
European citizens have made a significant benefit of agriculture in the form of food security , the protection of the environment , combating climate change , maintaining rural communities and helping farmers ' families .
( LT ) Madam President , I would like to congratulate her colleague and thank her for the cooperation in drafting this important report .
I welcome the work of Parliament , a large part of which has been done on the urgency , but I would emphasise the contribution of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , which should have been given greater recognition at the right time .
Then we have taken up to various measures to rescue - chaos and now , everything in the European economic governance .
As a member of the European Parliament , which has always paid particular attention to the issues of prevention , security and police cooperation , I attach the crucial importance of Europol 's creation to create a safe European territory and prevention and prevention prevention prevention , and the need to strengthen various levels , including those which are now on the subject of discussion .
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon in December 2009 , the European Investment Bank has become a tool for supporting the EU 's external policies and , at the same time , an important partner for the Union 's economy .
Moreover , it is difficult to maintain independence and to maintain the humanitarian activity .
The Commission 's proposal for a regulation on creating this service is currently being discussed in the Community institutions .
<UNK> and goods were destroyed or not at all , which we have suffered and large , small and small businesses .
The report proposes the additional parliamentary prerogatives that Sweden and other Member States will receive if the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force , the Treaty of Lisbon will be elected representatives of the upcoming elections and then obtain status of observers in this House .
The crisis in the Arab world has shown that direction has shown to date in the Neighbourhood Policy , has proved proven .
I have already see the letter of the Commissioner 's adjustments , and I am sure that his project is completed and ready for the Commission to submit a Commission statement .
The damage were estimated at almost 900 million euros , which is nearly 0.7 % of Romania 's GDP .
Mr Verheugen would like to know that .
We call for an immediate and honest and demanding national authorities to carry out full investigation into these events and to persuade justice to justice .
We therefore need to conclude the Doha Round immediately .
This indicates the EU 's experience which <UNK> the powers of Member States in this area , while refusing to increase the financial resources for activity .
It is surely true that this request was too late by the Commission and that it proposes less than it was possible .
Looking at the perspective , I see how the perpetrators continues to increase the basis of a properly defined and well controlled means .
Secondly , he said that the Commission should start examining the possibility of Eurobonds - and finally , I would say .
I do not understand why Brussels must impose protection for non-smokers in non-smokers and in the usual manner to reach the last resort .
To this end , I hope that Member States will take a real commitment to improving existing conditions and infrastructure conditions , in order to ensure that persons with disabilities and persons with reduced mobility is provided for them to meet their needs .
Some specific tasks of the service are already taken through other legislative acts .
This will then be carried out on the current possible analysis .
We want the Commission to take responsibility and we want discharge here , which is not present here , to meet the expectations of European citizens with regard to nuclear safety in Europe .
It is unacceptable that the EU has been in times of economic crisis to be found in creating an agency for everyone .
The next item is the joint debate on :
<UNK> components and characteristics of agricultural or forestry tractors ( vote )
The first reason for this fair criticism are the objectives of the bank .
We have also succeeded in agreeing that we must increase the role of the regulators and especially the supervisory authorities , including the internal and external supervision in companies .
I am grateful , one amendment .
The new conditions are provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon and the mechanism for closer cooperation and I would like to point out that we have made the necessary warnings to their consequences .
However , there are still serious disruption in different EU countries in terms of health health .
We all know how important Serbia is to commit positively ( the same as far as the case is concerned , so that country can retain its integrity and carry out the necessary reforms .
I also advocate the unanimous ratification of the treaty , at least Croatia .
The opposition do not want to work in the work , for the lack of a guarantee ; it has not been denied the right to participate , as the rule was changed .
However , I would like to make it very clear that our ultimate goal is to work together with the European Commission to ensure that the Schengen area works and in the best interests of our citizens without giving the scope for action to persons with criminal intentions .
Thank you very much for your efforts .
The political system is also far from perfect , particularly as regards the continuing repression of political parties , different parties , and the <UNK> of different religious groups .
You must speak so high that you can get a lot of our foreign ministers , sometimes even so high , that we hear votes not to the <UNK> , but the votes of Catherine Ashton .
The rapid development of new economies have suffered the balance between the parties and their investment capacity .
In particular , we need to speed up the process of revising Directive <UNK> on travel travel , just as we need , on the one hand , to give itself a ...
The main driving force for these measures lies in the procedures and sanctions .
It is precisely the Member States responsible for their finances and their problems must be resolved in the countries where they have been detained .
Only in terms of the standards on emissions of large combustion plants , I think the report has gaps .
Between 1997 and 2000 , Commissioner , Romania is <UNK> 150 of 150 children .
Unfortunately , ten years after the first delay of the Lisbon Strategy , this is the new recipe that there is a danger to turn into a cure to the European economy .
The construction of ports in Papua New Guinea is made redundant in Papua New Guinea , which created by operators from the relevant countries , with the sole aim of making full use of duties granted by the EU under the interim agreement .
I hope that the Commission will indeed carry out its promise to draw up not just a report but a real legislative proposal .
I would like to draw attention to one example : energy security .
We will do so that the financial markets we need to put in the real economy and not back in the past 15 years .
I would like to draw attention to the fact that the EU in 2006 , the EU reformed the common market for bananas .
So , in these posts , we do not represent one country or a region : we represent the whole of Europe .
The European Union must therefore necessarily intervene as soon as possible and we look forward to the Commission to draw up a comprehensive strategy , as you , Baroness Ashton , and on the basis of it - the imperialist intervention .
But let us be frank .
We are still receiving many thousands of euros through the total costs for every month , without any requirements for accountability in relation to this amount .
If we do not ensure that a constitution whereby people express their discontent , then this is faced with a revolution and violence that leads to what it entails .
It is clear that we have not created it alone .
They will not be completely happy , but they should ensure a stable foundation .
In a country which has been subjected to the civilian trade and new export opportunities , it will not be easier to respond to the commitments and requirements that we set it .
( HU ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak on behalf of the Hungarian delegation of the European People 's Party .
I congratulate Mr Füle on the role of the responsible role and wish him a success in achieving the ambitious objectives .
The programme is in the interests of Switzerland 's generation and , of course , young people in countries , the Switzerland , which will show a desire to participate in the <UNK> exchange of Switzerland as part of Switzerland 's programme - regional partnerships or in certain partnerships between schools , and the Erasmus programme .
In accordance with Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure , the Rules of Procedure will be published and it will be published in the plenary session of 18 May 2010 .
The extent that the cooperation proposed will depend on the elections will be very clearly defined and , at some time , it seemed that the elections will be at least fair , precise and free .
It is unacceptable that one billion people still suffer , most of them in the least developed countries ( least ) countries , in other words , the poorest countries in the world .
From our work with the Council of Ministers , in view of the agreements and at second reading , this is possible .
I trust this dossier in this dossier , I think that the Andean Community is possible to continue ahead with the agreement , but I am happy to provide information on our services through our services .
But , as you said , the situation in Ukraine is not easy .
For the citizens of Europe and for all of us this is part of the added value that the European Union proposes .
Despite how difficult it can be obtained , its debt will continue to increase - even more salaries if wages , unemployment and pensions must be reduced , working hours and public investment in infrastructure , health and so on .
It is important to pay attention to the question of preserving our solidarity in the future .
So , in order to ensure that we not only do not only , but it will be crucial that Member States fulfil the commitments and promises that have already been made .
I would like to emphasise the importance of coordinating diagnosis and early intervention in the <UNK> of the disease .
Yes , there are restrictions , but there is also potential , and the initiative is a real and important step towards participatory democracy .
Freedom of expression should also be applied in the Internet .
When it was created , it will become a credible international institution in the world - the most important thing in the world in terms of financial force .
How are the elections being made ?
The Pakistani authorities that must work in the area of pensions , and in practice all social issues are national or local authorities , and we must not work .
We also know why there is no effect of the measures taken to stabilise the financial sector , and if there is no satisfactory one .
It also stresses the fact that we need to compete on a global market , and therefore needs to be taken to look at the competitiveness of our maritime transport sector while at the same time seeking to sustainable transport .
There will be other serious consequences .
We need to adopt policies that are allocated to money , especially in good times , in order to have them in bad times .
After all , 20 % to 40 % of world production is from illegal sources .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( NL ) I am pleased that the Commission has taken the initiative to revise the directive on the protection of animals used for scientific purposes .
For me , it is a mystery of why the most recent social rights are dealt with mainly as a problem .
The European Union guarantees freedom of expression and information in Article 11 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
We all wait for the interest to see how we will see politics within the new Commission with its <UNK> position to <UNK> two post .
In this respect , the Commission has once again shown once again that it intends to review all existing acts of the Lisbon Treaty as part of the Treaty of Lisbon , and come forward with new legislative proposals to both legislative bodies : Parliament and the Council .
The Economic and Financial Affairs Council approved these principles and recognised the need to promote them in the broadest possible geographical plan .
Moreover , the fratricidal wars in which it has also highlighted the adverse impact on neighbouring countries and the international community as a whole has a serious impact on the country and the people .
However , over the next few months , the continuing process of decision-making will be on you , because it will have to be a coherent position .
Your rapporteur proposes to welcome this communication as a <UNK> <UNK> base ' and calls for an additional analysis , collecting data , dialogue and concrete proposals .
Everyone is therefore necessary , and all the Member States of the Union , not only in the new Member States , to invest in a position and implement projects in these sectors .
It is not and will not become a complete end in the Federation or even in the wrong way .
The European Commission asked information from the Bulgarian authorities to persuade whether the Special courts are used .
I therefore call on the European institutions to define the relevant priorities and provide the necessary support to create public services , providing a strong commitment from the future government of Haiti .
This year , the report is secret and , unfortunately , draws attention to the continuing progress made by Turkey , particularly with regard to the issues of the citizens ' freedoms and justice .
Composition of Parliament : see Minutes
Although we say that Parliament was very well aware of us and that everything was made clear and transparent , the way in which the initiative was taken , does not make us a good impression of negotiations that are held at the same time , with other international elections .
In the Association Council , the European Union welcomes the new measures for Gaza and the West Bank , which has been announced by Mr Netanyahu .
In view of the growing demand for the growing demand in the European Union and the imbalance between the number of patients ' carers and the number of organs must be forced to avoid the donation of organ donation and stop illegal trade in organs .
Too often , it affects the lives of European citizens in a more open way , and its institutions are difficult to understand .
It seems to me that a budget is still needed for agriculture , which will allocate itself fairly and pay particular attention to regions such as Madeira and the Azores , which face the most difficult difficulties and the <UNK> , climate change and geographical geographical geographical , and thus , and thus , they must receive support for them .
Unfortunately , compared to men , there is a greater chance of working hours to work part-time work , to be paid out of the unnecessary contracts and are often part of the black economy based on the lack of labour contracts .
Firstly , I would like to ask the Commission to comment on recent legislative changes in the Member States regarding joint decisions of the Court of Justice .
We also welcome the fact that the creation and promotion of jobs are a priority in these times of crisis and our desire to move forward with education and training measures .
Politicians and countries must take initiatives and learn citizens that they must protect their privacy ; both their own houses and their own houses must ensure the security of their research and supply for the world .
I am grateful , in particular , by the declarations on the Structural Funds and cohesion policy .
Can I accept you that your answer means that you do not need the party of the party of the Italian Democratic Party - President of the Italian Democratic Party , whom I have heard your strong personal assessment regarding the work of the work he has done ?
Sometimes , we have made statements made by <UNK> and <UNK> personalities , we have been accepting .
These include the basic common values of universality , access to high quality healthcare , equality and solidarity .
For example , we can travel to the North Korean organisation in Iran ( <UNK> ) from the list of terrorist organisations or can stop with the <UNK> contracts between Iran and EU Member States and the candidate countries .
There are many very strong points in these economic partnership agreements , and I am pleased that I had the opportunity to vote for this report .
These measures require many courage and political will , because they are different interests and many in the black economy .
This is a major challenge for us .
Maritime transport in maritime transport will have similar rights similar to those defined in European legislation for bus and <UNK> trains .
- ( DE ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Temporary Committee on Climate Change has done a very good job .
Scientific evidence that genetically modified organisms are safe , and the public must be fully credible , and the public must have confidence that the relevant authorities take all the necessary safeguards and conduct strict tests .
I am also voting in favour of this resolution because it recommends that it recommends an agreement between Croatia and Slovenia on the border , and therefore , progress made in resolving other bilateral disputes , such as Serbia , with Serbia , <UNK> and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
I believe that this was a strong political message from the European Parliament to be very seriously addressed in human rights not only within Europe but also beyond its borders .
This does not mean an increase in the budget of Parliament 's budget or the European budget .
We will make sure that this legal measure is implemented and its implementation at national level will not result in bureaucratic difficulties or even abuse of third countries outside the borders of the EU .
We can not exclude the possibility of the <UNK> of the <UNK> of the people who will be forced to take extraordinary measures .
This is an extremely important issue we expect in the autumn of the European Commission to propose a special directive .
The new rules leaves the petitioner 's decision to decide whether to renounce the right to privacy or confidentiality or by both sides .
And that is also the principle of which is based now and for the future , my efforts , while I am a member of the Commission - to offer the same guarantees to passengers from all transport sectors .
Serbia is important for the stability of the entire region and we must therefore have a continuous dialogue with the country at institutional level .
<UNK> , labelling and storage of substances and mixtures (
In trade , trade is fundamental .
It should also be noted that , since the fisheries resources have a more advanced function and are used mainly by small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , it is also important to take into account when necessary changes are made .
We must start from areas where women suffer from their actual disadvantaged situation - we must investigate the situation of those who are looking after the job , leaving working hours and the poor working situation that work hard to deal with the family needs and with the requirements of the pension .
With regard to the agricultural sector over the last twenty years , what has actually achieved this permanent liberalisation ?
The content of the agreement expresses the new institutional relations .
I also believe that it is time for the European Union and the Member States to examine the new issues raised by the challenge of the generations .
With some of our members , we have been advocating the <UNK> of our party parties , but we are against the single status .
It is not possible , however , to give concrete figures , as these children are embroiled in prostitution , forced labour , forced labour and so on , to which there are no precise data .
We must accept the fact that the traditional definition of a single market as something that only set out of the economic dimension needs to be reviewed .
In the official gallery , the case of the day is not the case .
The <UNK> of a region where 99 % of voters are <UNK> .
The European Union is called on to speed up the progress of global poverty against poverty and hunger - around 1.4 billion people live in extreme poverty .
In the programme , 34 of strategic initiatives that we are taking the obligation to discuss before the end of December .
I believe that Parliament must speak out loud and clear , ladies and gentlemen .
I find it totally unacceptable for a free election in a democratic elections in my group of a <UNK> group .
The report on the proposal for a directive on the application of patients ' rights in cross-border healthcare is an attempt to create a consistent Community security framework in an area where the guidelines have been taken up to the European Court of Justice .
I voted in favour of this report because I consider it right and proper to protect its diseases from diseases .
The army always goes .
We have the Treaty , but we need to be proper and even more .
This is of priority in order to effectively use all the funds efficiently .
On the signing of troops of Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia in Bahrain , I would like to emphasise the fact that the six countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council have a collective agreement on their collective security .
Naturally , the adoption of every new member of the EU , including Macedonia , is only possible when all the requirements and with the clear agreement of the EU institutions and all the Member States .
Mr President , I just want to be useful .
In the context of the current globalisation globalisation , international labour standards constitute the basis that the growth of the world economy will benefit everyone .
It would be good if the next Presidency is taken up with this issue , with its significance .
The fact that some governments are not interested in the destruction of the north of the north or the economy must not be an obstacle and must not be allowed us to prevent the <UNK> of forests .
This is a very important news for the world , and especially for the millions of Europeans , employed with <UNK> and physical physical activity .
Employment should also take it into account .
In Sweden , for example , we have a system which we have a system which we have .
I am very well aware of the consequences of the decisions taken by credit rating agencies , and with the effects that can have these decisions on investors .
With all respect for your opposition , I expect the same respect to the truth .
Yet this does not mean that it will not be doing the meantime .
The European Union has <UNK> the UK with workers .
So there was a debate that the Internet has been held , the Internet , will be present in the future agenda of G8 .
We support the waste reduction in waste to a minimum , and if the results of research and development , to make further recycling , as we are giving great importance to the principle of reversibility .
We therefore believe that the Commission and the Council must look again at the procedural rights in the current scenario where we are experiencing today .
And , as always , it is a matter of effective monitoring and control .
I therefore support the opinion of the Committee on Fisheries , which wants to end the revision of the agreement in the revision of the agreement we are discussing .
It takes the burden , the cultivation of farmers without providing reliable funding for rural development programmes .
We are aware that the overall problem is not solved .
This is , in my opinion , the basis of the Treaty of Lisbon .
This condition the process of accession to Serbia 's accession process and also has been reflected in Croatia .
Unfortunately , there is no place for everything we have to vote against some of the amendments to the resolution .
I would like to see more products from my region to apply for claims and I hope that the Commission will adopt some of the proposals to simplify the application procedure for the application procedure to have a larger number of applications from my region in Northern Ireland .
The changes proposed for the second reading proposed a total improvement in terms of passenger rights in road transport , which we support .
Part of 20 million projects have been made .
We have already been dominated by weeks from the European institutions on what needs to be done to help Greece and the euro area .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety adopted a number of agreements with a large majority .
Even with a limited budget , I believe that the fund is extremely important , insofar as it establishes the principle of the <UNK> capital model in a model of <UNK> , with which we have the funds already available - the banks and others - and others - and we are responsible - who can instead ask money to be allocated money , which is allocated money , by developing the development fund managers of this fund .
The people have unfortunately happened and have been cut off .
That is not what it is wrong .
( PL ) Mr President , this is a very important subject , but also very sensitive .
The DG ENTERPRISE ' currently plays a central role in ensuring the EU 's operational character of policies and their communication with the communication from 2009 and I am ready to continue this coordinating role under the conclusions under the predecessors .
We have quite similar views on how we must act as we respect our differences .
It is therefore essential that Bulgaria take some additional measures , namely drawing up a special plan to be taken at the moment , which will be put in place at the Schengen area and also joint joint approach ( Turkey , and Bulgaria ) , so that the country can respond to the country 's country 's competitive pressure .
I therefore hope that tomorrow 's Members will be ready to look at the challenge of this very important legislative package for Parliament , which is the first time for its powers of colegislator , as the Council is concerned .
I do not want to make the opportunity to give Parliament the floor to such matters , but you are right , too , saying that this would make a letter of our Rules .
Some people are waiting for a 10 years to be overcome .
The vote will take place tomorrow , Thursday , 25 November 2010 .
In fact , changes such as the most effective structural and regulatory reform of the financial sector must be carried out , but the current situation can only improve by creating incentives , as well as through radical and comprehensive policies for modernise and targeted investment .
For this reason , I would invite all my fellow Members to show a sense of a sense of political and political <UNK> in these <UNK> .
In order for the CAP to continue working towards European citizens and to satisfy their needs , it must be given strong support and this , of course , means a strong budget .
Of course , producers and electronic equipment must be involved in the collection system and recycling system , but we can not release the citizens of any waste that generate .
I therefore call for the simplification of the basic principle and abstained in the vote .
We need a regulation and the ordinary legislative procedure and we expect consultation with the European Council and the Member States on these issues .
The Copenhagen Conference and the EU must play a vital role in negotiations on a comprehensive and ambitious global climate agreement .
We need to go into this House - we have been discussing the issue of micro-credit to help combat violence - and for all these matters , there should be a comprehensive strategy .
Immigration is a problem , the most serious concern in EU countries , which is why they must act jointly to find the appropriate solution to this problem .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
We must improve the framework for economic governance and thus contribute to sustainable and balanced growth in the Union as a whole .
The instrument includes the new Eastern neighbours of the European Union , Azerbaijan , Azerbaijan , Ukraine , Moldova , Moldova and Belarus .
Madam President , to the moment that the people of <UNK> will be threatened by hunger .
However , it is a shame that the country still <UNK> into chaos .
They will often manage and , consequently , trade and therefore , trade in all Member States , be more transparent and more transparent .
I therefore believe that the Council made this decision , as President Obama , the decision of President Obama to close Guantánamo to Guantánamo to a year .
We definitely encourage the Commission not to take any of the measures proposed and not to take into account the pressure from the Member States , because only some can be considered as an example in these days .
How does the European Union participate ?
Parliament 's call for greater protection for the consumer and the fight against energy poverty is now being translated into legislative texts .
The Annual Programme sets out the criteria for the content and the amending budget for the invitation of proposals , which will be put forward in 2009 .
Everyone talked about economic governance , but what is actually it ?
Parliament has the following message that is supported by a huge majority .
Only the findings and the time allocated period will eliminate the economic situation of both parties ' economic disparities , the bilateral improvement of trade balance or the contribution to improving social situation .
The consensus was made in 1995 , in 1995 , a consensus reached in which women and men are equal from all the points , including political , economic , legal and social .
We have allowed it to be the Community method .
The harmonisation of statistical data collection ;
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Mr Barrot , you have my support , you want , as you have said , you have at least one of this rapporteur and you have the first line of my report .
We will shoulder shoulder to shoulder with you so that we will prepare the necessary financial services of the financial services regulation .
I sincerely hope that the Commission and the Member States will take action on the basis of the pandemic .
The Internet is felt in the Internet how easy it is to correct the final analysis of German <UNK> and that if the person who are lost to the sale of credit cards , they will be able to be <UNK> , which will be very <UNK> of biometric data .
The first of them is the poor mobilisation of the aid mechanism and the world solidarity that sent thousands of people in support of the first phase of the emergency .
I regret the Commissioner De Gucht does not even ask what I say , but I have heard that , instead , I have heard with my fellow Member .
( FR ) Mr President , 2009 was no doubt the euro for the euro after its introduction , but at the same time , the time you have done .
The report accepts well defined guidelines and specific measures to protect jobs , make it more high quality employment throughout Europe .
This prosperity will not come to an end , and we can therefore expect further strengthening the flow of economic migrants , which is stopping North Africa .
As Bosnia and Herzegovina are concerned , and Serbia are considering .
Finally , I would like to mention another important aspect , namely how to make the maritime sector attractive to young people .
Every time when I speak with people , tobacco , the <UNK> between them is also the matter - what will happen with us ?
I will remind you again that 56 % of complaints have been made in such a way .
I would argue it <UNK> justice , because it concerns relations between developing countries and the will to table a credible proposal on financing measures and mitigation measures and to speed up the way we are starting to face our others .
You have been saying , Mrs Vassiliou , that he did not attend this debate , but she asked me to express my fellow Member in favour of the rapporteur for everything he has done and for the efforts it has made to achieve the goal .
It is the duty of Europe not to condemn , but again and again , to repeat and to insist on the <UNK> and firmly , Russia to fulfil its duties .
It is true that not all Member States have consular protection and , in many cases , consular protection is very limited , the structures for the <UNK> are not even the ones themselves .
( PL ) The Europe 2020 strategy can not do all what we have today called it .
( EL ) Thank you , Commissioner , for this very detailed answer .
If we look at , for example , the situation of railway stations , it is at the heart of this happening on airports .
In the last 10 years I have been opening up in this Chamber and I wonder how we will arrive at the time as a regulation following a regulation , business and opportunities and universities are actually promoting business outside the continent of the continent .
After the Second World War , when Europe gradually began to accept that the independence of African countries ultimately has been inevitable , Kenya was clearly condemned by this , which we know now as Zimbabwe .
Europe needs the development of the 2020 market , enabling the market to be overcome in economic recovery while , at the same time , giving it possible to citizens , their interests ; by the one hand , their rights , guarantees and by small and medium-sized enterprises , their right to their own incentives .
We also want to increase our efforts in connection with professional training , people in early childhood and elderly people who are no longer in the education system and which we are facing in the overall development of society .
That is my opinion .
I am absolutely convinced that this will create differences between Member States , too , and in terms of the amount of visa applications .
They have been experiencing a very important atmosphere in many of this , and I think that this is the need for the need for the European Union to achieve it , as well as for the interest of Turkey 's interest to deal with us on the streets .
Council statements on the preparation of the European Council meeting ( 28-29 October )
Europe must look forward this message .
These <UNK> have already been held in several countries , particularly in Latin America , where prices are <UNK> and the quality is rising .
For this reason , faced with the challenges of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , the authorities are calling on the authorities to give their authorities that public investment in these areas can not compensate for private investment , which are also why growth are also <UNK> and therefore guarantee the recovery of public finances in the short term .
This is a concrete step that the citizens of the Member States of the European Union expect us .
The technical rules proposed by scientific advice are simplified compared to existing legislation , thereby facilitating the amount of goods and reduce the costs for fishermen .
Even in the territory of one <UNK> in its various regions may require different approaches .
The division of competences between the Presidency of the Member States and the President of the European Council will be of great importance .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it must be extremely careful to assess the request of the European Council to start negotiations with Japan negotiations on the conclusion of a free trade agreement .
The European Parliament believes that the adoption of the law on minors against minors of the Detrimental Effects of the public information from the Lithuanian Parliament represents a clear violation of the treaty .
Formal sitting - Georgia
Madam President , I am in general pleased that the global Water World Water Forum will take place in Istanbul and , above all , that the European Union will participate with its delegation from the Commission and the European Parliament .
We really must regret that such measures are not foreseen .
In future , particular attention must be given to cohesion policy and structural policy , as well as agricultural policy , it is also necessary to support small and medium-sized enterprises , as Europe depends on whether Europe will become a sustainable and competitive economy .
I support this report , which stresses once again , that Moldova must help Moldova recover economically , and that around 40 % of its own economy depends on agriculture .
Unfortunately , the way the report has been realised shows that it has not led to reconciliation , but to a further polarisation .
On the other hand , a country that still depends largely on energy production of fossil fuel is facing a mix that must overcome emissions while at the same time reducing polluting emissions .
When the Treaty of Lisbon is based on people , one of the arguments was that he will give the European Parliament greater influence .
It is clear that it is the task of actions for people 's actions , and also how we need them to do is what leads to strengthening integration and everything that it involves .
The truth is that the Commission has put forward ambitious proposals to keep up the economic situation under constant monitoring and that we will also make other proposals if necessary .
This is therefore a situation where Polish a man 's death penalty , which does not conform to the principles of Polish law .
This is the position we should strengthen and help to consolidate .
Some people believe that we will find a system if we have <UNK> shop ' for each corridor ' , rather than a national <UNK> ' service that could be included .
I am afraid that , in the sense of enlargement , Parliament and EU institutions are subject to strategic matters for Member States .
We voted in favour of this report by a Member of the Czech Parliament of our political group , because we believe that it is a topic of great importance : improving energy efficiency through information and communication technologies ( ICT ) .
On the contrary , we must retain the limits of the labour market , provided that the flow of workers is more predictable and meets the needs of the relevant state .
Thank you for your attention .
I therefore voted for this proposal tabled by Parliament to call on the Commission to evaluate the impact and analysis of expenditure , the benefits and structure of the European Credit Rating Foundation , competent in the various areas of ratings : public sector , companies and financial instruments .
I would call on Members to take into account the <UNK> of this argument between the argument and the attempts presented following the negative image of the French , <UNK> and the Irish .
Baroness Ashton , let us act quickly and seek to achieve best results , because this will be another important test for Europe .
We are opposed to human rights violations , which we all have to condemn , without exception , and I am voting in favour of this resolution and I am voting in favour of my fellow Members who urge all the parties to retain and remove such acts of violence .
Access to the network : for cross-border electricity exchange (
It was also mentioned that , in order to join the EU , we in the EU , we must be well integrated , because then the adoption of new Member States will be effective .
The effort to social housing stems on the one hand , on the one hand , is linked to State aid , but it also relates to the definition of the definition that is used in establishing the Structural Funds on the structural funds .
Meanwhile , the European Union is really controlled and controlled the funds it does not do things under the rules .
Our new economic architecture therefore is in common ground .
The change would allow them to be able to change the framework of fishing and even to have disputes with local fisheries companies which use mainly to supply the supply of fish in the market .
The profits of profit and the development of the younger universities are indivisible of today 's universities , but in the existence of many <UNK> , with business and with the extreme professions ( I think that the arts and humanitarian aid ) is very important , is very important , in order to maintain economic balance between the economic and <UNK> , to maintain some of their universities with their strong financial links .
We will find these things in the programme .
My committee did not take part in drawing up this resolution .
We have another example of the fundamental problem in the Medicines Agency , which I believe we will have the opportunity to discuss again .
The most successful , targeted at areas of the financial market is a wrong approach .
I am pleased that there is satisfaction from the first results , but it goes without saying that this is not yet enough .
We have been very little about bureaucracy and legislation that will shortly be able to develop innovative SMEs - and we are getting the young people out of a stable future that we hope is equipped with opportunities .
I assure you that , due to my interest , I will be following the events very closely .
As the start , I will mention something that will happen soon - 8 March will be an important day , because the International Day of women , when Parliament will discuss the Charter of Women 's Charter .
There must be global supervision over the financial markets .
With every day , this day is becoming ever more and more .
You have been <UNK> , you have been talking , you are talking about , and I am also the political and the political <UNK> , have done a lot of work .
That is why I voted in this way .
We have adopted many questions .
After the troops not <UNK> peace in Afghanistan , the same is not the same old and money that we have spent there .
We also expect recognition of the European ambitions of Georgia , Moldova and Ukraine should be forced to stop political pressure on these countries .
In future , the taxpayer should not be forced to pay for the damage .
The main focus of the debate on State aid for radio and communications is on the so-called public broadcasters , and the media landscape in view of the definition of each individual , given the minimum resources available to which they have and most important roles to work in the public service .
The country 's insistence on Turkey 's part , the invitation to the framework of an conference calling on the most important president , which is the most important thing that Israel and the relations of Israel seem to be shown that it is <UNK> by the West .
The most important point we have raised this issue from the Commission in terms of petitions are nature , which is the dispute over local level , what opportunities are available to the development of the local economy and , above all , I will come back to this issue later - the right of application of EU law .
Even if the best ideas , however , they can not be allowed if there is no sufficient financial means .
Before it was possible to deal with years without being taken into court .
( PL ) Mr President , I approve the draft decision on the European Parliament discharge of the Council 's discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for 2007 .
<UNK> and even the loans granted by the Community funds provided by the Community funds , providing institutional lever , and we must fill the trade unions resulting from the trade banks as a result of the financial crisis that has already affected the real economy .
The increase in beef would increase by 70 % , imports of meat - by 25 % .
Apart from the fact that some areas of medicine in countries with high medical standards can be quickly exhausted , there is a risk that the poorer EU Member States which are less invested in healthcare must pay enormous costs .
Human rights are a key element in relations between the European Union and Eritrea .
I condemn the great deal and reject this double standard and call on colleagues not to hide political <UNK> , but to the Commission 's own ranks , and to the Hungarian Government and the conclusion of the problem .
( Applause )
What agriculture most needs to be in future , however , is regulation that will succeed in bringing markets into some borders in some borders .
We have seen three <UNK> , and it seems that the Netherlands will play on the street .
I really hope that the Commission and the Council will continue on this path .
The EU 's credibility and future of the EU 's policy depend exclusively on effective democracy .
There are four reasons that I consider very important and therefore voted in favour of this report : simplifying the simplification of procedures ) and facilitating access procedures to facilitate access to financing ; 2 ) involvement in the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are essential for growth and innovation ; 3 ) in the name of the food industry , which is able to respond to the challenges of the market ; and the risk of the risk of finding a very good results in order to finance .
Moreover , the result of the crisis must , of course , be reflected in the strategy 's commitment to the change of growth and growth in the focus on economic , social and environmental aspects .
The choice of the term <UNK> ' is very important for the good result .
But we are in the Commission and to start working and make sure that the negotiations are resolved , soon , as we decided , that there is sufficient progress .
We must also recognise that there are cultural differences that sometimes seem to be <UNK> .
That is ultimately the case , it calls for the same type of <UNK> and neoliberal policy , tightening the true concepts that is imposed on Member States without affecting the causes of the problems or alternative policies that take into account the development of the economies of individual countries ' economies .
I have the impression that we have a lot to say on the issue of Japan .
( PT ) The case of Farai Farai Maguwu shows the brutal repression in Zimbabwe , as well as the need to expand the scope of the Kimberley Process .
We are almost not in fact alone .
The poor countries in the Middle East and Africa are developing countries and they are vital in some key areas , including in this migration flows .
I would like to repeat what President Barroso said : we have been very encouraged by the political commitment of Prime Minister Orbán to submit a committee in the law if necessary .
Moreover , we are advocating a safety net and encourages the mass destruction of small farmers .
These are the ideas I would like to go before we start discussing some proposals on the issue of insurance .
At the informal meeting of the Energy Ministers of 6 and 7 September , the Presidency asked to take the steps and discuss the first assessments .
In order to create a common labour market for researchers , it is important to define and establish a common European model in research , and to introduce an integrated system of information and employment contracts with research and with the research into the whole European Union .
The proposal is therefore to use the use of the seller and clearly defined .
They expect us to take decisions expect us , we must respond to these expectations , which is precisely the time now , not in a few months .
This proposal is very important and must be controlled by the regulatory authorities in the Member States .
There are other and policies that come to the forefront of the fore .
Mr President , it seems to be that the laws we have adopted here is not implemented in all Member States .
We will also present our considerations for this .
We propose extremely good measures which are fully in line with the objectives of the European Union .
I think that maintaining employment , as well as creating new prospects for the youngest employment , as well as those who are on the labour market , but no jobs are no longer necessary , is necessarily able to return our confidence to our public model .
The establishment of the European Asylum Support Office is an extremely important step towards establishing a common European asylum system , as provided for in the European Asylum and immigration and in the Stockholm Programme .
It claims that only EUR 2.7 million people have been made in 2008 .
We have cooperated very well and I believe that the result is good .
I insist that it is important to take into account the experience gained in the years when the old SGP is being <UNK> , and the fact that economic governance has become more transparent with the involvement of the European Parliament in the entire process of monitoring .
We will not regret what we regret them , but the system is quite simply a monopoly .
In my region , this is regarded as a <UNK> competition that will have serious consequences for employment .
We need the country 's help to return the labour market and acquire real economic independence from its <UNK> .
Indeed , one of the most disadvantaged difficulties is the complexity and severity of administrative procedures , as a result of which the European funding for the funding of European funding for national funding and Europe becomes more advanced in the field of research .
This will be the subject of discussion and by the public bodies that are interested in the work of this agency .
These actions have taken the democratic process of content and a quarter of the population of the country 's population to <UNK> .
( PL ) Madam President , for many years , nuclear energy has been considered to be energy in the future - environmental , environmental , environmental <UNK> .
In Malaysia , more than 10 000 people suffer this form of corporal punishment every year .
I voted for this report because it promotes the development of so-called intelligent transport systems ; that is , the use of new technologies in the transport sector .
I have to say that there is something <UNK> in the fact that this report was detained while the success of the referendum in Ireland and it was the most recent votes , and then suddenly came to all the European Union 's proposal to give its verdict to the activities of Parliament and become part of Parliament 's activities .
You can only bring more and more harm to crises .
I have taken your proposals .
In this respect , I would like to highlight two issues that I consider it vital to the current economic crisis and the most far-reaching indicators in the EU , with a view to protecting the quality of quality , employment and job creation , in terms of creating new jobs for the Europe 2020 strategy .
We must prepare for this in a responsible way .
Madam President , I would like to thank you for this interesting debate .
This gives us hope for the future .
The EU 2020 strategy can be different .
I resumed the vote
We agree that the innovative , creativity and creativity , we are not necessarily contributing to market , but we do not accept that only because someone is more and more powerful links with regard to information , and in particular , with the information that these kinds of Government must apply to the market and we are very pleased to apply the Commission to ensure that this is not happen .
Madam President , on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left - I would like to say that we consider the issue of extremely serious ; action is needed and is no time for the <UNK> .
That is why we need a more detailed investigation .
Madam President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , Operation Atalanta is a successful contribution to the security of the EU to security in Africa and must be continued .
I think that the situation could now fall into the situation , and I use the comparison of the <UNK> is half of the Council .
Implementing measures ( Rule 88 ) : see Minutes
These ambitious tasks are : to give more European citizens the view of the European Union , to achieve a more democratic European Union , thereby giving impetus and European integration .
One of the things I think that they will be very interesting when the Commission is beginning to look at the future of the GSP regulation , is to see whether the aspects of the regulation relating to ratification and implementation of human rights conventions could be improved .
We have therefore put forward a discussion to draw up a budget that tries to the reality , which I hope will be supported and supported by the other groups when we vote later .
It is regrettable that Russia has not been forced to introduce effective measures to avoid any serious human rights abuses and have been condemned by the Court of Justice .
There are dozens of nations without countries which need to be mentioned , bearing in mind the fact that what the founding fathers wanted to build , is Europe of nations , not Europe or Europe 's biggest interests .
In other words , universities do not always comply with the needs of the market and the young people of this are young people who are <UNK> their education .
We have been complicated and our actions must necessarily be carried out .
Many Member States of the European Union have expressed their willingness to help in any possible way - with technical means , such as the LTTE we prepare any means that can be necessary - but above all , this must be with the agreement of the countries concerned .
That is the other side of the coin .
However , producers had been ten years to achieve compliance .
The principle should also be a fundamental principle in creating a European Systemic Risk Board ( ESRB ) .
Patients also have the right to benefit from freedom of movement .
The legitimacy of the Parliament must be strengthened , which is an important priority for both the Commission and for the European Parliament .
The adoption of a provision of provision is difficult to understand how so little measures are taken to implement it .
Only the market in activities ( <UNK> ) and the marketing and supply of parts of the fish would have the subject of a specific regime .
As you probably know , some outstanding issues have arisen , particularly in the field of energy and trade .
I also believe it is important for us to consider the functioning of the procedures for public procurement in this House .
The management of H1N1 influenza in Europe have highlighted the basic problem : the lack of independent assessment of national health and/or European competent authorities and/or the competent health authorities and the inability to adapt public health measures in the best way to the real and real realities of the realities .
I hope that this Parliament will play a key role in ensuring that the CAP is not permitted or reduced .
If we have come to an increase in imports from imports , I believe we will see the mass destruction of this sector from farmers .
The attempt to deal with speculation and competitive loss among more than 20 national currencies .
We can not take our economic programme of our social agenda : there can be no economic recovery in the conditions of social collapse , as can not have social progress in economic downturn .
It is more than a <UNK> employment source , representing income and labour , and also through their family and society , as well as older people , contribute to the <UNK> of our society and to stabilise and to boost the services and jobs .
This is also the reason why the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance wants to demand a new document for the committee is not because we believe that we can not improve the situation , but because this means preventing a reform that will take us into a future .
( DE ) Mr President , I think that today , we have a good piece of legislation today .
We owe it to everyone who fought for fundamental rights and freedom of the press , and I was listening to my generation , who knows something different .
Let us therefore stop <UNK> , let us stop making Europe 's most important opinion and Turks , and let us finally end the negotiations with Turkey .
violations of international humanitarian law are increasingly being observed .
This must be a dialogue based on respect for international law and territorial integrity of the countries .
Let me mention just two of the recommendations made in this report .
There is therefore no doubt that the constant increase in food prices as a result of the increased prices of raw materials is increasingly damaging to the EU .
Furthermore , I hope that Member States are using more effective instruments that are currently available to combat the exclusion of Roma exclusion , such as the creation of a maximum possible reduction in the European Regional Development Fund for the use of housing or existing opportunities as part of existing social housing .
Mr President , if you - or colleagues - do not think that the issues on Mercosur which I and other colleagues are unacceptable because they have not been appropriate questions , I think they were not adopted because they were not adopted on Thursday .
What happened is that we have heard again about more cooperation and greater coordination at European level and a single European sky - something that has already been mentioned - will be helpful for the future .
It is worth MEPs pretend they were not allowed to speak , but they are not the impression of listening to how the Commissioner or her conclusions are listening .
I should emphasise the strong position of the international community that the epidemic and the most dramatic changes in exchange rates have a dramatic impact on economic and financial stability .
The Belarusian authorities obviously apply <UNK> laws and procedures .
My first conclusion is that we also need to need a strong European common agricultural policy .
That is why the issues on supervision in this area must be resolved .
The process of extending the European Union to an extremely geographical conscience and , as I have already stated in this Chamber , the Council has been able to provide candidate country membership , before these countries , in question , to achieve standards for quality of democracy that at least become a satisfactory level .
I therefore agree with the rapporteur that it is necessary to improve transparency transparency and responsibility for projects ; to facilitate the process of granting public procurement procedures for financing and work at the level of funding and work ; to establish the errors in staff and to increase transparency and transparency in this connection with the Financial Regulation and to implement the Financial Regulation and to implement the Financial Regulation .
( HU ) Mr President , the report that we have before us is perhaps the most important report in the current period .
What we are experiencing at present , Mr President , is not a monetary crisis in the Union , is not a crisis , not even a crisis of our common currency ; rather a crisis crisis management crisis .
According to the science , science means that the rich countries must reduce their CO2 emissions by 40 % .
What I would like to say first of all to you is that the Stockholm Programme really takes the fate of the victims of the victims .
I voted in favour of this report .
We will work closely with Member States and with Parliament to find a solution to increase our capacity in disaster response , with the logic being very simple .
This is because of the environmental and public health reasons why high levels of pollution and energy pollution , for the reduction in the reduction in the oil and growing access of this commodity .
Sweden will have the opportunity to implement them in practice during its second half of this year .
A few years ago , Lithuania was in the same situation , but it has not reached us with a tenth of the <UNK> in the <UNK> indicator .
We must not deny us .
A lot of action plan was achieved by the last Action Plan , but nothing is thought that the 2020 objective can be achieved by 2020 .
As you know , the main objectives set out in the Europe 2020 strategy include increasing the number of jobs , better conditions for research and development , improving education levels - this subject to a brief issue - and promoting social inclusion , including poverty reduction .
I am very proud , particularly in the fact that , in the new European executive , Italy , Italy , the person who will ensure that he delivers a proper division and competence , as it was defined by the key player , namely , that is of strategic exploitation in the crisis management of European production .
We must therefore do everything we can to ensure the competitiveness and sustainability of this sector while also not forgetting the human and ecological factors .
The radioactive waste is generated every day , causing damage to the environment and a negative impact on public health and quality of life .
Albania will deal .
Is we not expecting the democratisation of Russia ?
That is precisely the question : if it does not put things on the basis of the <UNK> , the whole European right and all of our institutions .
I believe that it would be right to <UNK> and those victims .
We expect that we make progress on this .
However , at a time when the economic and financial crisis exacerbates the social inequalities , the provision of structural funds to the Member States ' Structural Funds .
Thank you .
We will be very careful to respect the basic principles of our proposal .
The Member States must integrate the priorities for the acquisition of basic skills ( reading ) , <UNK> , in their education programmes , before they are being paid .
What we need is another economic and social model that we condemn capitalism .
I also believe that the number of errors or failures is relatively small - but there is still too little .
It also ensures that public authorities will always be able to adopt regulations in favour of general interest .
It is up to such a degree that only 12 third countries outside Europe meet all requirements and therefore import beef meat only .
I am delighted you , Baroness Ashton .
During his five-year term , Mr Barroso , who <UNK> some EU Member States in favour of war in Iraq , have never been <UNK> , never <UNK> , is the EU or to find its position to the national personal interests .
After the recent earthquake in Italy , does the Commission consider it to be in a written reply from <UNK> and made by Mr Barroso , Mr Barroso , or intends to take further initiatives to protect European citizens from the earthquakes ?
As other horizontal horizontal services agreements , this agreement provides for the EU 's setting up a clause which allows all EU carriers to benefit from the right to establishing safety , questions and tax evasion and solve the provisions of EU competition in the field of competition .
Some have made Copenhagen as a storm with <UNK> <UNK> .
These scientific workers certainly do not need Italian Italian language , as they have been English , French and German and have everything necessary to prevent these patents , in the detriment of Italian products .
This year , it will amount 20 years .
Please take into account the particularly difficult situation in which farmers find farmers , and the relocation of European farmers are in a fair competition .
We also need enhanced cooperation at parliamentary level , for example , organisations such as the Parliamentary Assembly of the Economic Cooperation and WTO , and with the <UNK> for trade and development .
I did not vote in favour of the report on agriculture and international trade , as it depends on the EU 's trade policy 's trade policy : free trade agreements .
Yes , Europe is the world 's largest donor of humanitarian aid - we can be proud of this and we must continue in the same spirit - but itself alone will not solve the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians .
And now what ?
If there is no sufficient financial resources to implement these objectives , then the initiative will remain only on paper .
In order to receive a very broader support for its positions , the European Union must create mechanisms for building the construction of the construction and start regular meetings on specific issues with all democratic countries of other continents .
The additional investments in the first instance procedure will improve the asylum process .
The use of information technology for customs purposes (
We have worked hard for this , let us not go down !
A pilot project with which the European Union hopes to be given a greater influence in Kosovo , a more than a different division of this internally .
If we in Europe do not manage to start with fair requirements , then we will be able to get ourselves out of exactly where we do not want to be , namely protectionism and a repeat of years and the next Europe .
The emergence of different national systems creates a huge problem for international trains because the alternative must be avoided or put into place each border , or be equipped with a few <UNK> systems .
Finally , I would like to highlight one aspect .
In the 5.5 million unemployed , 25 million people below the EU level of youth unemployment is almost twice as high as the most vulnerable population .
I support the proposal for enhanced cooperation .
I can ensure that there is no opening of public services , nor pressure on privatisation .
However , at the same time , I must ask you , is it acceptable that the Ministers of Ministers are systematically refusing to accept the rule of law and to prosecute the constitutional court 's judgments ?
Madam President , the Europe 2020 strategy should help to overcome economic growth in a way that will , at the same time , counteract social exclusion .
I would like to make us all to a moment where citizens realise that the added value of what we are doing here is real , practical benefit for them .
That is why I am in favour of the proposed resolution on independent response mechanisms that will enable immediate human rights to be resolved .
Welcome
To conclude , I would like to say that today , it is Mr Barrot , which represents Mrs Barrot , Commissioner , and as was the most ambitious Commission 's assessment , will make a Commission statement on the assessment of the new measures for 2010 .
In addition , in order to promote the participation of shareholders in these corporations , which is the German ones where the most dangerous share of capital is too small , it should be regulated .
<UNK> of the European Union in the Middle East ( debate )
What worries me is that a similar standard is beginning to act and in our institutions .
While changing the EU 's thinking in the thinking , we can only work to reduce the damage caused by globalisation in the countries concerned .
The problem of Kosovo is very important .
We need to monitor the situation in the Mediterranean , especially in the Italian coast , where only four days of the <UNK> <UNK> people are <UNK> .
Therefore , in the case of the Western Balkans , where similar problems are even more complex , it is particularly important that they are resolved in relation to each country .
The waste exports must be banned from third countries .
Firstly , we must support as far as possible , governments and the Commission in initiatives that have been taken recently .
The implementation of these funds should be improved .
- Before the vote
The directive was made a good opportunity to introduce common standards for all 27 Member States , as well as an excellent chance of simplifying EU legislation , which is still under the form of several legislative legislative legislative legislative texts .
This year the Commission will present a recommendation on the tax literacy .
It is very clear that this legislation must be more rigorous and so I am delighted when I see that Italy and the UK , especially once again , we are calling for the improvements in the Council .
The potential that has never been taken up until now has been taken , as others are demanding development , require a more thorough project .
We admit that they are important for the viability of the European economy .
Mr Van Rompuy says that the European Union 's ability to achieve consensus remains more visible , but unfortunately there is only a consensus for common denominator !
As a result , health sector is gradually <UNK> by individual services in general .
However , Europe is not accompanied by candidates .
Moreover , I would like to see long-term planning policy planning in the area of buildings in order to ensure the sustainability of the budget .
Mr President , can I raise a more comprehensive question here ?
This is a pity , because the Hungarian Government , and Hungary , as a country , is currently being held at the moment .
Solidarity , where is it ?
I have concerns about the <UNK> industry - a industry that has ever been <UNK> on the export of industrial goods , and now is almost completely <UNK> .
This is reflected in the Union 's budget problems .
We voted in favour of the report on the Single Market for Europeans .
I am grateful for Parliament 's broad support for the proposal to streamline the authorisation procedure for issuing the authorisation procedure .
I therefore do not think it is sensible to adopt a new text with the fact that we are doing new conclusions when we really do not have anything new , which will <UNK> public .
This is an pretext : these are only political games that do not have any objective and have nothing .
Mr President , Baroness Ashton , I have a number of questions about the events in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
<UNK> agreement (
We also need to ensure that rights are protected and internally .
The regions are facing a decline in economic activity , the worsening of the environment , the loss of agricultural production , ending the activity of many companies , a loss of trees and so on .
More than ten years of debate , there are enough debates between the institutions .
It is important to establish what happened in Greece .
The accompanying measures lead to the restriction of certain individuals ' rights to which they are directed against .
Our proposals are those of the <UNK> , not of <UNK> , as you know , Mr Barnier knows .
While we have been <UNK> with our <UNK> measures , before we allow the marketing of the market , the serious error of the European Medicines Agency must be punished .
The case of the Lourdes Afiuni is absolutely vital for all those who defend democratic values .
The ruling of the arrest warrant , which was the International Criminal Convention on the present state of Sudan for crimes against humanity and war crimes .
<UNK> food and feed power ( Commission executive power ) ( vote )
It is becoming increasingly clear interdependence between internal and foreign security .
This is the basis of the whole misunderstanding .
As regards women 's rights , freedom of religion and the treatment of suspected crimes , the standards must also be respected throughout Turkey .
Although Russia has a major ambitions for cooperation in the field of foreign policy and , for example , there are currently no ambitions in economic matters .
We share your view that it is extremely important to ensure that the authorities can operate independently of the heads of the authorities and that it is appropriate to finance the institutions .
They can increase their increase if we finally create a Community patent , in this way , the abuse of the damage caused by small enterprises to manufacture the production of cheap products .
I hope that the fact that the <UNK> phase of the debate on the future of cohesion policy will take place during my country , Poland will help ensure that the proposals for significant reductions in this policy will not be implemented .
Mr President , the legislative process we have started with the Treaty of Lisbon is very serious .
The solution , having been carried out in place after urgent action , is more trade harmonisation , a functioning internal market , and particularly services of goods .
It is imperative that we do not lose confidence in order to start action immediately .
In short , all the Member States in future must face the risk of losing EU budget in the event of continuous fiscal rules .
The resolution also welcomes the overall commitment made by the Commission and the Member States during the WTO conference , to provide EUR 1.2 billion of which , from which EUR 460 million , in the form of humanitarian aid , from the Commission .
As for Cyprus , Turkey must stop behind what happened in 2004 .
One modern , Serbia is responsible for this .
The issue of adaptation is the adoption and affects a number of sectoral policies .
It is true ; the Stockholm Programme explicitly states this principle : in the last two years , there have been 250 000 applications , which is a large number of applications , albeit smaller in the last year .
The discrimination still exists in the workplace , there is a deep gender segregation on the labour market , the pay gap , is still a lack of women 's women 's awareness and , in insufficient policy , is also support for motherhood and mothers .
We must admit that such is not so effective .
Moreover , the inclusion of social and environmental standards in trade agreements contributes to the regulation of globalisation .
Mr President , I welcome the vote on the European External Action Service , but now , I believe it is important to move from procedures and to the actual level of the service 's work .
Secondly , we must help the countries of the Sahel opportunities to increase the security sectors - the army , the police , the police and border control systems - in every country .
What is happening in northern parts of the country is a tragedy that has largely been felt by the rest of the world , because humanitarian organisations and journalists have failed to see what happened and we must rely on the <UNK> .
The extraction of shale gas must not be carried out without a study that will present risks and measures required to protect local populations and the owners of environmental risks .
Moreover , over recent years , the law has been kept and forced to look for the child and <UNK> of their territory .
This is the most important for the rest of the world , thereby Europe losing confidence and creative opportunities .
The first is the situation of small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) .
However , let us not forget that the abolition or reduction in the pipeline for ICT products will benefit from Japan and for the European Union .
Therefore , every assessment of the Seventh Framework Programme ( FP7 ) the European Community for research , technological development and the <UNK> actions must be linked to the Europe 2020 strategy objectives and its implementation .
The situation we are experiencing is that growth can not be permanent , it is rather more <UNK> because of the limited nature of natural resources , as well as from the planet 's own to take advantage of the planet to take and our waste .
Worse is even more difficult when the Croatian governments are in favour of the current Czech Presidency discussing the revision of the Barcelona objectives and sent us back to the cultivation of children at home .
Firstly , we must create suitable conditions for women to actually work in these posts and that means adequate care for children , flexible working hours , flexible working hours and other conditions that allow women to take care of these posts .
The <UNK> that the honourable Members have expressed their views on the EU 's role in the forthcoming elections and the most recent presidential elections are justified .
It is estimated to predict 100 % of funding for those parties at the beginning of the financial year , not at the beginning of the financial year , but also of the funding that the parties must be reduced should be reduced to 10 % .
I was recently in Kazakhstan and it was obvious that they are interested in better relations with the European Union .
I very much support this system .
( Applause )
Therefore , I mean you to bear in mind that this type of type of type of type of disaster that can not be provided - you can only go down when you start thinking and we must claim that you can organise a short time in many short time .
It is quite clear that , following the opening of the accession negotiations , Turkey has made much more steps than we have been doing in the right direction .
We must not confuse the causes of the consequences and without losing the most acute risk - the main cause of instability in Yemen is not illegal .
Today , as we are concerned , we are concerned about building trust and relations between our nations .
Closure of the sitting
I would also like to emphasise the fact that Parliament is united in the request for the operational centre centre , and I am pleased that you , High Representative , you , will be prepared for the <UNK> debate .
So how can we achieve the main objectives we set ourselves in the Europe 2020 strategy while at the same time reducing funding in these areas ?
Moreover , part of our neighbourhood strategy has been based on stability .
The recent financial crisis has shown clearly that in the industry three sector : the lack of competition , over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and lack of ratings and responsibility for CRAs .
The World Trade Organisation Agenda , which includes deregulation , liberalisation and privatisation of services , contributed to increasing poverty for the most part of the world 's population and in industrialised countries .
The improvement of interests in any case will be difficult to work .
I think it is very positive that Parliament is discussing these issues and continues to monitor the situation as far as it is becoming more frequent and effective measures .
We have been told a little ago , a little ago , when working workers are meeting the 10th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , Iranian officials , the Iranian Government of the Tibetan security forces .
Moreover , we will express our disappointment disappointment from the recent withdrawal of Russia from the Energy Charter Treaty .
The creation of a rapid response force will enable the EU and the Member States to coordinate their efforts and provide better visibility of EU activity .
Therefore , all the Member States of the European Union are calling for combating unemployment , especially youth unemployment , through constructive proposals , with constructive proposals in response to the employment problem and poverty .
The market does not want to see things in this way , we simply need to consider how the budget is being paid out this year and the big problems we have had to find sufficient means of payments , even in the implementation of solidarity instrument for example , for example , for example , the European regions are being allocated to Europe .
This is a fundamental principle of democracy : respect for the rule of law and the independent institutions .
Mr President , in conclusion , I would like to say that the work we have done will allow us all to allow us - of course , if Parliament adopts the package - to achieve less for protecting our seas , the label and our fellow citizens .
As regards the chapter on public procurement treaties , Canada must provide the same access to the same EU , which provides for the United States under their trade agreement : in other words , European businesses must have an opportunity to participate in the provinces , regions and certain municipalities .
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
We will have to do so through internal legal rules , and the idea that Parliament should be involved , as laid down in the application of applicants , is too interesting and deserves analysis .
However , there are aspects that we do not agree on , such as the <UNK> link between energy efficiency and the so-called Europe 2020 strategy , which provides for the creation of a single market in the field of energy , promoting market instruments , such as the European Emissions Trading System trading system and the need to protect energy efficiency , which must promote a strong energy sector .
Without improving the supervision of monitoring monitoring in the IMF and greater participation of economies , different from the current members , it can not be adequately appreciated .
Our mental health policy is in a document entitled <UNK> change ' and many of the calls for action in the report in the rapporteur of our national policy or are actually found in our legislation .
While the Arctic region has a per capita GDP of the population of <UNK> % of the average for the 27 Member States of the European Union , the most significant figure is only 26 % in other words , 13 as less as we have .
Moreover , this Parliament supported by a <UNK> majority of the Treaty of Lisbon , in view of creating a new instrument - an instrument that has not even existed before .
Mr President , allow me to mention a number of important issues that you have raised in connection with the activities of the Bank .
I would therefore like to be very clear .
Of course , our political determination are obviously different and sometimes contradictory .
As regards the scope , the following is to be said .
To my answer , I would like to add that in the Commission , a very constructive debate - in particular , from Mrs Reding - on the European Convention on which the Treaty of Lisbon has been established .
Secondly , I would like to mention the excellent work of the homeless NGOs in favour of religious tolerance .
The Union must attach greater importance to the Eastern Partnership , and in particular the Black Sea region , which is of particular importance for energy security and diversification of energy supply routes for the Union .
It is very important now to concentrate the help as quickly as possible .
Obviously , we are a priority of the instruments of instruments aimed at mitigating the effects of the financial and economic crisis on European citizens .
Because of facilitating access to abortion is symptomatic of the level of culture in our culture and for the constant existence of our human values .
The Geneva Agreement will not put an end to the trade war that we in fact have actually helped the United States , because , at the same time , when it <UNK> the banana sector in Europe and in the ACP countries , in return to the legal disputes in the WTO , negotiations on the negotiations with the Commission and the Central American countries .
I do not agree with the idea that religious leaders must be treated in their freedom of conscience and religion in terms of homosexuality .
Each of the two initiatives have a separate focus .
I am convinced that you are right ; you are President familiar with such clear thought about things , I have no doubt about that .
I would like to emphasise once again that , if - as the Treaty of Lisbon - we have the aim of discussing new own resources for Europe , this will not only be a supplementary tax for European citizens , but also means that payments are reduced by the same gross domestic product .
Tibet and , in particular , <UNK> and nuns (
We have a directive that can not be implemented , but what is Parliament 's response ?
While in the United States , for example , they are not in the burden of the social system , but in some countries , we must leave the territory of their contract following the Treaty of Lisbon , through the adoption of these workers , with the highest level of equality of the local population , they are increasingly more equal to compete with the countries , if they remain in the same country , and if they are constantly , they are constantly , and should be subjected to their family members .
The question of quality policy is found a mere and honest response from the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development to the European Parliament , thus making the existing legislation more effective .
Commissioner , this crisis was not caused by a certain natural disaster , or another event , but a series of bad solutions and as a whole building agricultural policy .
This is a step forward towards the gradual decommissioning of nuclear power , which we are voting on .
The measures they plan - support for the search for work , training and retraining , the relocation of small enterprises , support for <UNK> - are the way to support the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
However , I would like to thank the High Representative for Foreign Affairs once again because I received information that he and she wants to say something about this , and that is also a need for a fundamental commitment and a different commitment to the views that , although not even though the Rules of Procedure , is not a priority for those people who are interested in the future work on the future work programme when it comes to the future work for the future work of the future work for the future service of the future .
As regards the implementation of the directive , it is worth pointing out that the points that we need to facilitate entrepreneurs , providing information on the conditions for business in a country , and only in other Member States , only apply to 14 countries .
This is a very important issue .
The deadline that the Member States must transpose these directives into their legislation is two years .
It is too irresponsible to <UNK> the flexibility of the budget during a crisis .
I hope that will be the second half of this year 's current year .
Parliament has achieved a great compromise with a great effort that I hope will be supported tomorrow 's vote tomorrow .
We are here in the few days of month .
The accusations made by the countries in which the Mediterranean were forced to sign the agreement are not true .
Documents received : see Minutes
Brazil , which took place in recent negotiations , is also an example .
More than 1 200 bilateral investment agreements concluded by Member States often incompatible legal regimes , must be fully put into effect on the protection of the European Union without infringing the rights of those countries concerned .
I hope that the Commission will come forward with proposals in this regard .
Just as in those times , today , we have <UNK> <UNK> us <UNK> up with a little bit of what great success is .
It should also provide access to intelligent systems designed to help citizens who seek a way to solve legal problems using large , using people who work in the justice system , or seek a system on the legal system of Member States .
They are actually a useful instrument that helps to support businesses in the business sector and in the private sector .
The protection of the protection of the <UNK> is enshrined in our most important legal acts - in the Treaty of Lisbon and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights , which refers to the Treaty .
Overall , this is true , and now , when we say , we must be as a <UNK> and <UNK> ceasefire that threatens the financial stability of Europe .
In fact , our decision is based on the Court of Auditors ' considerations , which has come up with an opinion on the legality and regularity of the operations relating to the European Police College , because the fact that the procurement procedures are not consistent with the provisions of public procurement , I support the regulation of the Financial Times and its authorities to inform the discharge authorities in June 2011 and to take action during the year to take place in order to implement the process of the negotiations on the procedures for all the proceedings .
The European consumers ' ability to know all aspects of their product increases and strengthens their protection .
Mr President , I welcome many of the EU 2020 objectives , such as the focus on growth , the focus on sustainable growth , on sustainable growth and achieving a high employment .
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Budgets . - ( DE ) Mr President , I would like to congratulate the Commission on this communication , presenting a communication presented to the principle of openness , as we have done before .
The latest decisions on the Commission 's permanent reduction in costs will have negative consequences for public health and pensions , which , together with the request for higher taxes , will reduce the standard of living in the ordinary people .
I therefore propose my support and support of the Czech Presidency for this Parliament , and I am looking forward to working together with their support through greater social awareness and recognition .
However , we have also asked some incidents that are the cause of our concern .
It is equally important to increase the lending of the European Employment Office .
The cultural orientation was part of the elements proposed by the Commission and we have given great importance to you , but it should also be clear , as the Commission is aware and that in some ACP countries , the <UNK> law has been banned .
The fight against and the most effective activity to combat the HIV/AIDS of the Burmese has been fighting for millions of people in the world .
( FR ) Mr President , I must say that the agreement on sugar , which was negotiated during the trialogue of the proposal that we have agreed with the proposal we made in the Committee on Regional Development and the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , and I deplore this deeply .
At present , it does not take into account the various needs of women and their economic and social conditions .
However , we must recognise that this new step does not reduce existing Union powers and its institutions .
This factor is an important legal aspect , which has <UNK> the previous trade preferences that took place under the Cotonou Convention and which were harmful to trade between the ACP countries and the EU and the EU have led to significant uncertainty .
The Commission continues to closely monitor and the case for closing the DTP Party ( DTP ) , currently in the Constitutional Court of Justice .
Another issue that is where we have been on the agenda of various G20 summits , is the reform of the international financial institutions , as has already been mentioned by Mrs Malmström .
It strengthens the <UNK> division that is so much for Europe and which costs us too expensive .
As you know , at the summit , which took place later in December in December , the French Presidency , the Heads of State or Government unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously on the Small Business Act .
The Member States will not allow us to do so .
The European Council , which took place at 25 and 26 March 2010 , for the first time , setting up one 20 % reduction in EU energy efficiency by 2020 .
Repeal of directives in the area of metrology ( debate )
This issue must be political and social security , not just economic .
Following the WTO conference , the World Bank created a few <UNK> for the <UNK> social sector , including education .
The Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of Freedom ( CRD ) has been seen as a country with the worst violations of human rights violations .
The Thai Government denies the existence of political prisoners and unfortunately does not allow international checks to be allowed to be independent human rights organisations .
Our reality reveals us that this is not the case .
What is the link between the private and own resources ?
On the other hand , the funds have been made available on 1 December until the <UNK> programme could reach 5 .
I will vote against .
This was possible through public , national and European aid .
Written declarations included in the register ( Rule 116 ) : see Minutes
We will now see whether Member States have succeeded in getting the budget appropriations in the period .
This amendment aims to prevent , from the one hand , the promotion of mass destruction , the promotion of sexual ties or other forms of behaviour that are not reflected in the constitution or in the civil code , not least because of the influence of mass information on children and the development of children .
In Africa , in sub-Saharan Africa , these rights exist exist in very specific and precarious conditions , and I therefore wish to emphasise that the European Union should adopt a responsible and consistent approach in the field of health care .
I am convinced that the implementation of this recommendation will continue the traditional division of the Labour Labour Labour and the women .
I can not emphasise the strategic importance of good relations with Latin America .
Mr <UNK> said he said that it was unable to prevent the crisis , because no one has any responsibility for which it is responsible .
It is an important solution for the financial system , which also deserves to be considered , which is what is called a Tobin tax .
All the issues must be put to discussion , including the status of Jerusalem as the future capital of two countries .
We need a common agricultural policy because Europe 's cultural community must guarantee food security and take the way forward .
The Commission therefore firmly believes that the birth and strong parliamentary dimension strengthens the democratic legitimacy of the partnership .
I firmly believe that cooperation must be strengthened , and this also means finding new forms of cooperation .
Finally , the EU 's commitment to open trade goes hand in hand with its commitment to sustainable development , which is a comprehensive goal of EU policy , including in the context of the potential of the trade policy 's trade policy .
On the other hand , Commissioner Wallström , who has visited Ireland on a number of occasions , will be characterised by a strong <UNK> , which I believe , there is , in all Member States , who are subject to the heart of the European Union .
The aim of this proposal is to continue the validity of the transitional regime for a further 18 months , i.e . from 1 January 2013 , with the aim of setting a new technical reform of the current technical reform policy on the road reform , which must be presented by the Commission in 2011 .
However , this plan must not distract the attention of the European Union from the Eastern Partnership .
The question is how to protect consumer protection and improve its improvement ?
This problem has different situations in different European countries .
All of the rest is very good value and very appropriate , but the transit .
We are still awaiting the regulatory limit limit for noise , the <UNK> of toys , which is harmful to health .
It is shocking that Turkey wants to join the European Union , because they will be allowed to get the best way to <UNK> with the hope that European taxpayers are collected and that the opportunity to free from their subsidies and <UNK> populations , such as the city of animals , where Britain or the UK will work on the level playing field or increase in the social aid system .
We are in unacceptable situations because a country is in its international relations against one of its own citizens .
That is why other forums - we have started with proposals for greater retention - also sent to 5 % .
I would not hesitate to make it , but if we are going to set an example , and if we propose ideas between Parliament and the Commission for ways we see a recovery of new growth and innovative approaches , then the new economy and the Member States must also take responsibility .
For physical violence during the best event , it can be unfortunate and merely confirms the urgent need for a peaceful transition to democracy .
In view of achieving the Millennium Development Goals , I believe it is vital to take action and actions to help developing countries to deal with climate change .
Unfortunately , we can no longer be able to see the understanding that the state pension ( the first pillar ) will be sufficient to ensure a standard of living that workers are <UNK> .
Congratulations .
In addition , the reports of the central bank show that the lending of small and medium-sized enterprises in the UK has actually been <UNK> in recent months and that the bank lending is expected to be expected over the next few months .
Let us remember that we are talking about refugees who are often confronted with intolerance in countries where they are adopted and in which life can sometimes become tragic if they are not found quickly .
This is a major report which encourages Member States to pay particular attention to the employment of the Employment .
That is the reality .
The average parts of the Korean peninsula are turned into a huge <UNK> , which is closed millions of <UNK> who , when they were able to get their regime alone .
Unfortunately , neither the Commission , nor the members of the European Parliament , offer Member States to reduce tax or to serious adjustments that can lead to transparency of tax harmonisation .
There is a risk that the European semester will prove to be a more bureaucratic initiative .
The EU Government was representing a list of people and prisoners whose situation is of particular concern .
We must achieve them simultaneously and assure you that this will happen .
I also believe that the European Union has an important role in this process .
The joint motion for a resolution was adopted only with a small positive positive impact ( promoting industrial <UNK> in areas where cyanide is banned from cyanide in mining .
What happens if there is no alternatives ?
<UNK> Sakharov ' ( <UNK> of <UNK> )
Everyone knows that the number of lorries in heavy accidents is disproportionately disproportionate .
( ES ) Mr President , the report on competition policy for the first time includes a chapter on the race and Consumer Rights .
It is necessary to check whether Union funds are being used are being well used , whether these institutions are meeting the objectives outlined for them , and whether any resources are being wasted .
In view of the <UNK> allocation of payments , I voted in favour of this report .
I share this view , but I can not agree with the rest .
Finally , the new agreement with the Republic of Moldova should be an association agreement , as with the other countries under the European Neighbourhood Policy .
( PL ) Madam President , Commissioner , in May the European Parliament adopted a resolution on simplifying the common agricultural policy .
Energy connections , the motorways which will link the projects in the southern Mediterranean ports with European ports and the main energy plan are areas with a significant potential in terms of investment , job creation and development development .
At the same time , it deserves to make the growing number of international adoptions with the participation of third countries that do not meet the conditions established by the Hague Convention .
It is clear that the implementation of legal obligations are becoming more difficult in long and complex companies .
On the other hand , we believe that the European Banking Authority and the ECB can not guarantee supervisory supervision of the EIB , but , of course , the possibility of failing to fund the EIB to fund other types of voluntary approach from the EIB .
The processes must be stopped and the processes against foreign journalists , workers from NGOs and Iranian officials in Tehran .
The European Parliament 's control over the finances of the Council is far from doing so .
We simply can not ignore the obvious and important socio-economic socio-economic <UNK> that play here , nor have the enormous differences in the development of production systems between the countries of the north and the south of the Mediterranean .
Thank you , Commissioner , for the key declarations you have made in the field of data protection and the universal service , which will enable us to work with you to make progress in these very important areas .
We must therefore find a new balance between private life , freedom of citizens and security , which is also a fundamental right of citizens who represent Parliament in this House .
Both of them must be removed .
Finally , what role in the whole process is for the European Parliament , when it has been seen , the Europe 2020 strategy has been the most important project and the Commission ?
The Commission must also present a European Parliament and the Council before the agreement reached , complete implementation of the agreement , and facilitate Parliament 's participation as observers at the meetings .
However , I would point out very clearly that there is another aspect that we must discuss very seriously , namely that , even if we solve the problems relating to data protection , remains whether the principle of the data in Europe in which millions of people are being given to prevent terrorism is actually making the fight against terrorism .
The resumption of negotiations with Mercosur decided by the European Commission does not accept anything good for European agriculture , which is in unprecedented crisis .
( IT ) Mr President , High Representative , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the discussion and debate in this House is very serious in order to strengthen the action summit in May .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , thank the Council for its comments and I would like to thank you and wish you a good hour for the new Commissioner - who makes his best heard here in this House - in the work we are trying to produce .
The CAP must take responsibility for how the EU money is spent on the table , focusing only on the <UNK> route , and in the case of the livestock sector - only for animals that are in the year 's target .
The relationship between the link between the biological use of alcohol , social development and the spread of infectious diseases such as HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis , an important link which deserves to be taken into account .
To conclude , the first phase of this report on the annual report of the European Ombudsman , we expect the European Parliament to continue in the same way as the position of promoting good governance for national administrative administrative authorities and to continue to function as a direct link between the European institutions and the citizens of Europe .
Agreement between the European Community and the government of Malaysia on certain aspects of air services ( vote )
That is why I am asking at least in this case not to contribute to creating additional burdens in the legal and economic environment in the European Union .
Who would take the question of 1956 1956 , 1989 or the autumn 2006 's autumn ?
Why did you not have the target ?
( DE ) We propose in paragraph 105 (
As regards the delays , you have rights : there are some delay .
I would like to remind you that creating a unitary patent will bring the benefits of the users of the European patent system in Europe and , in particular , allow small and medium-sized enterprises , which are often neglected to improve competitiveness through better protection , as well as reducing costs .
This will depend on Irish voters , but I will be very disappointed if they are being called pressure .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
It is important to understand the past and the reasons for the crisis , and I believe that the Union is cooperating its homework , but today we must focus on the future .
We will laugh ourselves and we must also make savings .
This is a good opportunity to lay the foundations .
The elections last year saw the storm in Iraq in Iraq .
I believe that all the countries wishing to join , and the countries must use democratic institutions to strengthen them in order to strengthen them , not undermine them .
This is more than a quarter of all the Schengen visas , which is being released in the world .
These proposals must be supported in combination with innovative measures to help reduce the losses caused by floods .
We are in Slovenia to vote on it in a referendum that will take place on 6 June this year .
We hope that this does not mean Europe to limit additional financial responsibility , which would have every budget .
Moreover , this resolution encourages Russia by a member of the Council of Europe , to take a commitment to respect European standards in the area of democracy , human rights and the rule of law .
There are available for genetically modified soya , which could help to ensure the necessary games , such as Polish , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , not to mention and <UNK> , which could significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
However , I believe that in the conditions of restrictions imposed in the EU , it is also important for MEPs to reduce their costs .
There are concrete examples and the Council are based on some of them .
The question is : what growth we mean in the 21st century , in which the entire world system changed ?
This report proposes a more active dialogue , multi-level and independence of many associations , and will help civil participation in the political process in the political process to tackle the serious challenges , both at national and European level .
It is for this reason that I have decided to support the rapporteur on this issue and vote in favour of this report .
The failure of a common immigration policy that is also worthy of the values that Europe claims that it is responsible to enhance in the rapid review of 13 and persecution of illegal immigrants .
Worse : the Treaties have already provided that whatever it will be subject to other commitments or constraints , probably global : NATO , NATO and one knows what else .
Therefore , behind the efforts of Member States to support freedom of association and collective bargaining , to eliminate domestic and forced labour , to end the gender equality and the occupation associated with the workplace and to eliminate child labour .
We also need appropriate legislative solutions to ensure that the underlying pluralism is in accordance with European standards .
Sustainability and competitiveness in the sector must be balanced .
These are only a few examples and explanations of joint amendments which I call on you to support .
I apologise for the question of Camp Ashraf on Camp Ashraf .
Before the vote :
Last week , Parliament proposed a compromise at the last minute .
Victims are unfair and it is paradoxical that perpetrators have very often been given much more rights and that there is much more about the rights of the perpetrators , than about the rights of the victims .
It is important to ensure at least that this money will not go down in the United States .
So you have been aware of the answers and we are not using legislative obligations , and they are signs of a decent <UNK> .
The feedback that must be achieved in Copenhagen will have to be based on the principle of shared responsibility , but also of the most responsible responsibility .
In 2008 , the European Commission recognised that these languages constitute an important link between people and countries of the various regions of the world .
As we help the banana sector in these countries , we help them develop the economy , create jobs and fight poverty .
I therefore call on the Commission to ensure that in all our future action , we will take into account the individual country 's individual country 's proper sense , things that really function well and are of crucial pension systems in Member States .
I believe that special attention should be paid to the training programmes for young entrepreneurs and support for their own businesses .
There is no longer a long and other minors and minors in Iran .
To this end , it has helped the implementation of the policy of the <UNK> and <UNK> ' of immigrants .
The Council is not here this evening .
It would be good , however , to see such leadership and in other areas : for example , to promote financial supervision in a European scale , to deal with fiscal reform or a real commitment to a tax on financial transactions .
These are people who do not receive help .
In this regard , we must warn against unfair competition , which the third integrated market can create prerequisites .
More purchasing power should be taken into account and certainly the purchasing power in the outermost regions is far less than the country .
They have voted 'no ' because they are not in enough enough .
By leaving this , I voted in favour .
You yourself have been listening last week - for which I thank you - during the talks with Mr Barroso and then that , if the law is incompatible with European law , you will be able to change this Parliament for the necessary changes .
The Commission therefore believes that it will only be a coordinated process within the Community , which is contrary to the unacceptable initiatives of Member States to restore border controls on internal borders .
The worst , which is successfully removed from poverty , the <UNK> of communism will disappear .
People are particularly concerned about wages , for the rights of workers and for public services , as well as for the right and right to the right of smaller countries .
Other 500 workers will lose their jobs over the next month and even more poor workers have been detected on the chain .
The High Representative must fulfil its commitment , which has already been highlighted in a number of occasions , to ensure that Member States , like Romania , currently , have not been fully represented in the bodies of the Commission and the Foreign Affairs Council , which will be put into fair in the European External Action Service .
I would like to stress that we must help to prevent the dramatic drop of greenhouse gas emissions , which helps to preserve biodiversity .
Finally , we can achieve a distinction in the field of equality between women and men , by ensuring a system of principle of complementarity because the law of women is not enough , but it can not be fully defined and incorporated into the best documents if our culture is not part of our culture and wealth .
Unfortunately , it is not mentioned almost the need to combat the most significant attitude relating to human rights .
The EU has already set the foundations for this by the climate change package and energy , coordinated by the European Parliament and the Council in December 2008 .
The appointment of new rules for comitology is a key element of the legislative process .
This was the debate in this House and I would like to thank Parliament for its strong support for the proposed introduction of the so-called intermediate category of the next intermediate regions .
But we have - and we must have a good will to express solidarity and cooperate on solving the problem .
We can always have the origin of documents , so this will be feasible .
This report essentially concerns the practice that has been done in practice , but which , on the other hand , preserves jobs , maintains jobs and I think it should be put into place throughout Europe .
The resolution firmly supports the negotiations undertaken by the Commission to achieve a comprehensive agreement between the EU and Canada .
These are two areas that can help to improve its energy security and have a significant potential in terms of industrial development , territorial development , territorial development and job creation .
However , climate protection can only succeed if global warming is carried out .
We must promote European policy , legally binding migrant workers to register the competent authorities , ensuring that this will not lead to rapid procedures in breach of these workers ' rights .
We must increase the number and bureaucratic proposals for which it allows for the development and improvement of these skills , and encourage companies to increase the number of opportunities offering young people .
Oral explanations of vote
It is even more difficult to look at how quickly and easily the tens of billions of dollars are found to save banks , insurance companies , insurance agencies , and <UNK> from the use of the mining industries and how tens of millions of households are paid to the financial and financial penalties , while at the same time , at the same time , to increase the capital flight development aid for development of development .
At the start of this month , we have learnt that the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> was <UNK> to death in prison because he was the most dangerous word , the <UNK> <UNK> , the <UNK> of his compatriots .
This is contrary to the spirit of the <UNK> of settlements and damages the efforts to create a climate solution that can help achieve a lasting solution to the conflict .
This opportunity should represent the instrument of already available instruments that will become more effective and visible , and the aim is to enable , by cooperating , to mobilise all the necessary resources .
It is not possible to introduce higher standards such as these money , without any cost , being transferred to the authorities that should implement standards .
We have also improved interinstitutional cooperation in terms of the budget and financial perspectives ; 3 .
As I mentioned , the way forward , not by <UNK> , because despite our <UNK> , the original aim of the Council 's original objective is very poor .
The European foreign policy must help to help the situation .
The least developed countries ' , which is not based on the United Nations level , is not based exclusively on the level of income per capita income , but takes into account the human capital and the problems in the area of economic development .
Regarding the rules on origin , negotiations with South Korea have led to a number of changes that have been agreed with the continuing reform process in these rules .
Romania is ready to offer services with the necessary attempt to work in the EEAS , which is created in the way .
Nowadays , there are many small civil organisations which carry out an excellent long-term job at local level .
We must be able to keep these SMEs with excessive bureaucratic burdens .
In practice , European innovation partnerships are an instrument for creating synergies between already existing European programmes , national and regional level .
We must do the same thing , we must make small businesses , such as the money that is not actually not in practice such as debt , but as countries with credit .
The EU has made its desire to deal with the Cariforum and announced , for the commitment made available , to reducing the total emissions of the EU by 20 % levels , and we have made a proposal to move towards a 30 % reduction in 30 % , if others are also intended to help reduce global emissions for the global reduction efforts .
However , I do not want to talk about the political aspects of this event , but for the fact that the new government has no one of their members or a woman .
For this reason , I am for a realistic approach and the maximum use of the treaty we have .
The Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats have done their job in full respect of this responsibility .
In the same way , this is a relatively low fund , there is a standstill for countries that could benefit from the financial instrument for cooperation with industrialised and other industrialised countries and territories ( <UNK> ) , but I will finish , Mr President , Mr President , we will not have anything to do anything as we do not have the legal basis of the legal instrument .
This will help increase consumer confidence and also the relocation of cross-border transactions to cross-border transactions .
Unfortunately , we are now in a situation to talk about those who have been elected and held in the <UNK> .
The Council should include this matter on the agenda of relations with the <UNK> issue not being implemented .
Finally , I would like to assure you that the Commission is following regular transposition and implementation of the directive on <UNK> and <UNK> .
I am voting for this report , bearing in mind that the current Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and São Tomé and Príncipe is in force since 2006 and the follow-up of the protocol to the protocol on 31 May 2011 .
So much more intensive energy than Germany .
The integration of Europol functions will only be possible by changing the legal basis of the legal personality by the European Parliament .
The burden on the uncontrolled use of cross-border healthcare could have been huge .
In this case , we have decided a solution which I would describe as a model , and that decision will be used later and later this week in relation to another important legislative act .
It is essential that the emphasis should be placed on respect for fundamental human rights in particular , in other words , in all the characteristics of criminal proceedings and , at the same time , ensure that personal data protection is protected .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to express my sincere thanks to those of the European Parliament and the European Commission who were engaged in the work on the joint report .
I call on my fellow Members , those of you who will return to the next mandate : we will have to make a double effort to ensure that this Commission 's measure will be rejected once and not only .
We currently have 1 500 cases where we are working in cooperation through the problems of solving the problems , notably in the name of citizens , but also on behalf of a large number of enterprises .
In our opinion , such assistance is better and more effective than direct aid , where the funds are being used without the right to register .
Regarding the third and final element of a central group , which I have been able to take part in this .
At the end of last year , this government adopted a new media law which guarantees freedom of the press .
There are significant social issues where people who have been <UNK> , then what we need to do .
We need an end to the ceasefire and opening not only on humanitarian aid , but also to all the crossings , because what would happen if people do not have a stop and no trade ?
The Commission and Parliament must work hand in hand and ensure that these funds coincide with our will .
Unfortunately , the three frozen conflict in the region has greatly prevented the full development of the European Neighbourhood Policy and not only that of the countries themselves .
We need to make sure that investments for a long period .
The Commission has proposed once again to tackle the need to set out the EU 's CO2 reduction target in the European Union of 30 % , opening up the possibility of 40 % for the industrialised countries and it proposed - and this is essential for Europe to provide EUR 30 billion for the climate fund to be increased by the European Union for the developing countries .
I hope that the new European employment instrument for employment and social inclusion ' will give them significant support to this .
I would therefore like to emphasise the urgent need for Member States and their respective regions to apply to European funds that are available to them .
The Commission recommends a willingness to approve the accession of both parties in the Schengen area and I would like to thank all the Members for professional work .
Within the framework of the <UNK> Plan ( democracy , dialogue ) , we must show to the citizens that the European Union and its institutions are transparent and serve citizens .
The Court of Auditors , which is responsible for the external financial control , stated that , following the assessment of the accounting accounts , it has obtained reasonable assurances that they are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular .
However , it is often more than that .
The Tibetan population is banned to do whatever to save their own culture , identity and religion .
( The President cut off the speaker )
So using the starting point today , because we are preparing the summit in London next week , I propose that Europe can take the central role in the run-up to the so-called consensus with the so-called consensus and economic consensus at our time .
The members are not offered by the EU institutions , but are elected by the citizens of the Member States .
I am thinking of the targets for a reduction in the <UNK> and <UNK> , <UNK> and <UNK> , aimed at the consumption of meat and dairy products .
I also support the report 's recommendations .
Russia is the third largest EU 's largest trading partner and has an important strategic significance for the energy supply of Europe .
Is it not mean that there would be something fundamentally <UNK> in the European Union ?
I voted against the interim agreement signed between the EU and the US on the processing and transfer of financial data for European citizens , not only because it is a bad thing , given that it puts the principles of respect the principles of the principles and proportionality and proportionality and the integrity of European financial data , and because it was not correctly able to exercise its prerogatives .
The strategy should implement more effectively the coordination of objectives and resources , with the EU 2020 strategy and EU policies for the period after 2013 .
Then I draw your attention to Amendments 3 , 4 and 5 .
I am not sure whether I have understood all the details , but I can , of course , be able to go later on them later .
Lastly , I say this time and I have put my particular point to you , Mr President .
Thirdly , possible consequences of postponing the implementation of the return of illegal logging until this person receives their divorce .
This also includes the implementation of these requirements for existing buildings .
These policies are risking the growth in the bud when it is only beginning to move towards positive values , although the rate is increasing the growing rate of production vessels remain low .
The basic progress made by this directive compared to the existing legislation is that patients will be able to choose their provider of health services and will have access to quality and safety .
<UNK> of the transfer and management of activities ( <UNK> ) as an instrument for managing budget resources for the allocation of the multiannual financial framework for 2007-2013 ( debate )
Is this the fear of adopting Guantánamo prisoners here , as they think they will be at risk of security after their release ?
I would like to take advantage of the opportunity and point out a new instrument that should be created with the help of the European Parliament and could be financed with this instrument in order to help help people in a more effective and flexible way that often restrict their lives in the rule of law , in the rule of law and human rights in the Gulf countries , and in the face of regimes in the country in the area of countries where they are seeking to enter into a very quickly and to enter into a very wide military force .
The urban and urban areas therefore need special attention within cohesion policy .
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Development . - ( LT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to emphasise that the Treaty of Lisbon will give the European Union more opportunities to take the initiative in shaping the development of the development policy , to improve the coordination of donors , in order to help achieve the achievement of the donors and aid .
( SK ) Mr President , the failure of the internal market in the EU is to be at 17 % of the world market , and this of the internal market of services in the EU is 28 % of the world 's global services market .
However , sometimes , one person must recognise - as is very things in life - when things do not work and think about alternatives .
We must rectify what is actually a <UNK> visa and avoid any other misunderstandings that could occur .
Due to the limited time , I will mention just a few <UNK> , which , in our opinion , need a high level of protection or even higher level of protection .
The future CAP must be understandable not only for farmers , but also for taxpayers .
All these issues are well raised in this text , but we believe that there are three times that need improvement .
It is therefore imperative for Thailand to find consensus with all the parties on the way in which it continues to move towards a more modern society .
The burden must be transferred to the other side : Hamas , not Israel , but should not pay for Gilad Shalit 's freely , a European man , for the <UNK> .
It is outrageous that the numerous calls from the European Union and other parts of the world to improve the human rights situation simply ignore .
Once again , our High Representative seems very little , but it is doing very little .
There are many things to say about the development of dialogue between citizens and institutions in the European Union .
The Commission 's proposal is to prevent <UNK> visas ' .
Let me say , however , to the obvious of African countries : you know that what is happening in Zimbabwe is wrong .
On the contrary , it will be very difficult .
According to the data of International Monetary Fund , Taiwan has been <UNK> in the world , with its most <UNK> in the world , and its <UNK> billion USD <UNK> billion .
The solution that unfortunately will unfortunately be taken to see a future date could be beneficial to the financial instruments , as to the amending budgets and to the general budget must apply to the same approach .
Although Malaysia has been amended by many international conventions , including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination ( Convention ) and the Convention on the Rights of the Child ) , it still refuses to sign such abuses , and in particular the Convention against Torture and torture , Inhuman or Punishment .
It <UNK> the establishment of a common European immigration policy , welcomes the <UNK> of the Treaty of Lisbon , in particular , the extension of the codecision procedure and the vote on a qualified majority for all policies ' and the adoption of immigration ' and the adoption of the European Pact ' , in other words , a <UNK> , <UNK> measures that <UNK> the immigration policy , and immigrants .
I would like to make two aspects .
Is it wrong ?
In recent weeks , millions of Poles , the Tibetans , the <UNK> and Hungarians was threatened by the floods and natural disasters in Central Europe .
I hope we will be able to start negotiations in this very soon .
The conditions are being made to the Council to decide on Article 4 ( 2 ) of the accession Act on the abolition of checks on internal aviation , digital and maritime borders .
I believe that the legislative solutions we have adopted will provide further as an additional incentive for the mobilisation of European producers , which will realise that green technologies represent the opportunity for development .
Madam President , the Hungarian constitution makes it a distinction between Muslims and the <UNK> that creates an opportunity to discrimination on grounds .
Finally , I would like to raise the issue of prior authorisation for hospital treatment , which is the introduction of a whole series of restrictions on Member States , although this principle allows both the financial equilibrium of health systems , and guarantee of the conditions for the reimbursement of patients .
We must take advantage of these communities .
What are the key elements in this programme ?
With the European Parliament , the Spanish Presidency has made significant progress and in the area of financial regulation .
Those who have been listening to the past , now , must accept the <UNK> .
in writing . - ( DE ) We need a differentiated approach to the enlargement strategy .
The EU must define the basic principles of which are guided by the general cooperation of the United States with the United States for the purposes of terrorism and the mechanisms for the authorisation of its citizens ' information on the grounds of minors or Israeli repatriation .
Croatia has also achieved an agreement with Slovenia ratified by the Parliament quickly , which shows the determination to meet the requirements .
Finally , I would like to reiterate the crucial role that the European Parliament has played in the way for promoting the EU 's ambitious climate policy .
We are witnessing a very important moment today .
The local press is being discussed in the context of a breach of transport , while the amendment tabled in Parliament , in fact , it is about abolishing the single contact of contact that provides transparency and fair competition .
At present , a sufficient amount of waste and a healthy food is a key political priority in the European Union and in the world .
If we deal with it seriously , the Europe 2020 strategy can develop our local , national economies and European economies to future sources .
The next item is the vote .
I would like to extend the <UNK> of this : <UNK> of noise is not leading to good and good faith .
The last thing I would like to say is : so do you think that we draw attention to the TEC of the idea of setting a framework for the air proceedings .
Europe is at a crossroads .
The European Union can achieve a lot .
- ( ES ) Mr President , Mr Barroso , only a united Europe that attaches priority to global growth and employment growth will be able to conduct international economic recovery actions , strengthen and managing the financial crisis and to improve the most vulnerable countries in this first crisis .
While we are trying to emerge from the crisis , we encourage job creation , including independent workers .
This motion for a resolution is in line with the following : it warns that the state is <UNK> and the principle of equality and non-discrimination based on sexual orientation .
As far as my proposal is concerned , Article 186 is a provision for a large number of products , but milk is not among them .
The Commission finally made its duties and has significantly improved the Commission 's proposal .
Irrespective what is the situation , the EU has learnt is that the EU will still get worse to the situation in which it will lose competitiveness against other countries such as the United States or the countries of the High Commissioner .
In addition , in order to avoid scenarios , where the funds remain <UNK> due to excessively complex regulations and procedures , it is essential and implementation of cohesion policy to be simplified .
If you want to speak under the catch-the-eye procedure , you will have this opportunity at the end of the debate .
This will provide additional safeguards against abuses and the proliferation of weapons for mass destruction .
In this respect , I would like to briefly mention that we have put forward more closely proposals in many close cooperation with the relevant industry .
Why did you explain to that ?
Moreover , SOLVIT centres require additional resources .
This is a text that not only introduces a European level of financial stability at the G20 level agreed on the G20 in Pittsburgh in September 2009 , but goes on and further , placing clear and competitive <UNK> and , at the same time , gives rise to investors and investment companies .
From the start , we have learned from the outset that this will create uncertainty and will simply lead to new demands for exemption and exclusion .
Explanations of vote
This can be achieved by offering them the leading part of the European market 's efforts .
What we have been doing here is that if we can not compete with the Chinese , how will we compete with China with a better energy efficiency in the coming years ?
That is precisely why the first and most important objective of the directive must be the protection of public health protection .
( RO ) Madam President , President of the Commission , strengthening energy security is an important point of view from your programme .
The strategic energy technology plan aims to contribute to this objective .
It represents an alternative to providing care for children 's homes , <UNK> adoption or resolving problems in their biological families .
If we are putting a European energy level at the same level with energy and determination , we will also push Europe closer to modernisation .
The fisheries sector depends on oil prices .
I believe it is important to support European SMEs , as well as the full liberalisation of people , goods and services , in order to use the most dependent on the functioning of the single market .
For this reason , I ask the Commission to rectify this situation .
Bosnia Herzegovina and Herzegovina must make significant changes in their internal structures and decision-making procedures .
The report also highlights the impact of the <UNK> of the <UNK> judgments on the labour market in Europe .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , the year of biodiversity is the year of biodiversity and , through this regulation , an important provision will be established , the integrated measures to combat climate change and to preserve biodiversity .
This agreement must meet three conditions : to keep global warming below the global temperature , cover all the countries and adapt the future efforts to higher levels of ambition , as regards the accumulation of new knowledge .
I would also like to commend President Calderón in Mexico , which also deserves our support in the fight against <UNK> .
It is also possible to prove that Europe can be a leader in this area .
Europe 2020 is a project for growth and employment - we need concrete projects , we need instruments , we need procedures , we need procedures to be governed so that it can be successfully implemented .
There are provisions in this form of support for the documents in the relevant programmes for 2007 .
We should also draw attention to the South and East .
One of the priority aims of the European Union 's policy should be to introduce transparent , clear and effective regulatory regulatory environment .
Everyone must play its part .
It is regrettable that the importance of trafficking in human beings is not afraid by the parliaments of 16 Member States , including , I must say , my own country , and they are not necessary to ratify and adopt the convention on the 2005 of the 2005 .
The proposed revision of EU legislation is primarily about technical issues which have no major political impact .
The increased consumer costs of the private sector per capita per capita per cent of 80 % in the last decade .
Of course , we need a stable European economic governance , but we must first tackle the chaos caused by debt .
We must , of course , support democracy and the protection of human rights .
In order to emerge from the recession , we must plan the necessary financial resources at European level and the idea of own resources should be implemented in practice .
In the Mediterranean , these new technologies are not coping with the same oil technology .
Therefore , I call on the Commission and the Council to speed up dialogue and the implementation of the specific measures such as part of their relations with those countries .
This is a mechanism for employing persons who are trying to cross borders of the EU without documents , in a way that not only respects fundamental human rights , but also forces them to try to travel to the Union , often with their lives , and of course , to remove people who are fighting for the trafficking .
On the eve of the International Labour Convention , the International Labour Convention on the Protection of Workers and their families , adopted by their families , adopted by the United Nations , this <UNK> is totally unacceptable : the Union must finally take into account the conclusions of numerous studies that show that show that both the benefits and the economy and the economy for the countries and for the labour and the countries ' rights and the full use of the host countries to combat migrants .
Draft amending budget No <UNK> of the European Union for the financial year 2008 (
Europeans wanted this and the peoples of France and the Netherlands have said 'no ' .
We have asked us how important we are to apply our rules .
( HU ) Mr President , with the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the Black Sea area , the Black Sea became the most internally of the European Union .
That is what we are advocating our actions and it is precisely for us to congratulate Mr Barroso on the ideas we have presented us today in this House .
The European Union must never be victims of such behaviour .
The thousands of people died , <UNK> thousands of thousands of thousands of people were homeless homeless homeless , millions of people homeless .
The issue of the application of the visa regime in the EU and of imported products , particularly the conditions that products imported from outside the EU are imported from outside the market - or in competition with European fishery and aquaculture products - is essential and every analysis of these sectors must take into account of the European economy .
This last question , the <UNK> Guantánamo , was one of the mistakes that severely hit the most moral authority of the United States before the world .
This measure , which implements the 'polluter pays ' principle , aims to encourage the gradual renewal of the lorries that travel on our roads .
At a time in future , these policies must be united .
We owe this to taxpayers who live on the north and south of the Brenner Base Tunnel in Italy and Austria .
In 2000 , the number of employees in agencies was <UNK> and it is today <UNK> .
I do not see any reason for her ambiguity , and I hope that you will fully establish a transparent reality which I have made for its approval .
That is essential .
You have been making a few minutes a bit more different .
According to the report , there are 56 000 patients who are waiting for suitable beneficiaries of organs .
In cases where human rights are systematically violated , the specific resolutions for the relevant countries are an extremely important instrument both in the UN Human Rights Council and the General Assembly in the United Nations Convention .
My question to you is this : can we expect a new mandate for the transfer of data to be held before the summer or , during the summer , be it ?
simplifying the rules for cutting costs ;
Young people are not only our future , they are also our ones .
In the medium term , beyond the financial systems , using short-term initiatives in the pursuit of our long-term objectives will eliminate double double .
All of this , of course , are acts of legal acts that are being carried out with the figures that we have asked us .
Moreover , almost 80 % of people in minority groups live below the poverty line .
All Members of this House must also have responsibility for the way we vote on .
This really has been taken on the lack of experience in a country which has <UNK> half a <UNK> period , but also those who were completely ready to exploit these weaknesses .
After all , the Solidarity Fund can read three major achievements in their history .
In view of this , it is clear that the European Union must exert pressure on the Secretary-General of the UN Secretary-General to draw up a genuine independent assessment .
We must put pressure on the Commission , but it is not possible to do so when we are so <UNK> .
People live in the poverty threshold .
I voted in favour of this resolution because fishing , particularly in the Mediterranean , it is more than just an economic activity - it is part of culture and lifestyle .
It is also very difficult that , by 2010 , the <UNK> will become a <UNK> disease in modern society .
Furthermore , I would emphasise the importance of the deployment of the provision of appropriate information on social regulations , as well as creating proper infrastructure infrastructure infrastructure and for the <UNK> areas to ensure compliance with the provisions .
If you say that the education of a person continues 30 years , and the <UNK> lives have been lost for 30 years .
Subject : Macedonia , Macedonia and south-eastern Europe
This accession has imposed on the introduction of border controls between Liechtenstein and Switzerland for the first time of places where more than a century has been a real border .
However , to happen all this happen , and to succeed in order to succeed in the Union for the Mediterranean , it is necessary resources and this time must not be dealt with .
To present a more severe picture of the development of the internal market , the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection calls on consumer protection to be called on the same market , SOLVIT report , the report of the External Action Service and to develop the markets of the markets .
A financial effort must also be made to create appropriate infrastructure , including a sufficient number of safe places for <UNK> and services in the network of European roads so that drivers can really respect the provisions for managing and rest periods .
We will therefore be able to close the facts and support what he has said .
However , we know that this is a very serious disease with very serious financial consequences , and therefore represents a very serious social problem .
The word <UNK> ' .
In two words , the burden of British taxpayer would increase .
That is why I support my report 's report , which supports strong , which supports the common agricultural policy , which is aimed at helping young farmers ; offering a fight against agricultural markets and the instability that it causes ; and confirms the fight against poverty within the EU and the world must become a priority in food , and must therefore become a fundamental human right to the human right .
He showed that , in the countries of the West , countries like Portugal , are doing very well in such a club , and that greater countries like Spain , are recognised as leaders today , are recognised as leaders in terms of organisation and best practices .
It is time to discuss this shameful issue , face up to this inhumane phenomenon and start effectively the prevention of sexual violence in Haiti .
What I have heard , I have heard the impression of an excellent principle of free movement of people is one of the most important freedoms .
The Commission was very much more difficult , thanks to several Member States , which have quite simply imposed on respect for human rights .
There is no great sense of turning into a building in order to make up energy-efficient energy efficient if this remains empty , because then this was an increase in the <UNK> .
I have already been started and will continue to work , and I can confirm my commitment .
I have always been a supporter of creating opportunities for disabled people .
I therefore believe that the report goes on the difficult situation and is a first step towards creating a strong European foreign policy , determined to stand up with its own role and political significance on the international stage .
The cost of renewable energy , with which these countries , is essential for their economic and social development , allowing them to move towards energy independence , so that they can cope with the global crisis .
( Applause )
It is good that the resolution is submitted , but most important of all is the human rights to <UNK> over the economy .
We expect us with the very interest we will say .
The removal of forced abortion .
Until now , disputes in relation to the Euro-Mediterranean agreements are the absolute diplomatic solutions of diplomatic solutions .
Nevertheless , I do not agree to fight the fight against HIV sensitive issues such as abortion .
The <UNK> of money in Roma settlements does not result in a result , as the experience has shown .
Incidentally , Central Europe shows that there is still a future for the former parties of the former parties - even for them , there is a life after the death penalty .
Their aim is to facilitate the provision of services across Europe .
Thirdly , I also regret that the Council is not here .
To achieve this , the aim of using the objective is to use resources in a more effective way - a goal that is to pursue , particularly if the result is the most radical and <UNK> of a woman .
The debate is closed .
We must not <UNK> them or <UNK> them , but to enable them to integrate into society again and continue their professional development .
In this respect , I would like to emphasise that it is sometimes not only affect sufferers ; they affect people and people around them , such as the members of families and health .
What you say in your resolutions is that the rights of a national state is over the rights of individual citizens .
Firstly , this leads to greater transparency of European consumer protection regulations in the area of consumer protection .
We also seek links with civil society and parts of the administration , and we will try to find common language with the government on its responsibilities to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
The proposed procedure will also expedite the process of issuing a centralised assessment through a centralised assessment of food safety , which is carried out by the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) and ask for certain deadlines for each hour .
At this late stage , the reduction in the Joint Parliamentary Assembly meetings would have been a sense .
Despite the extent and seriousness of the consequences of mental health , today , in the world today , there is still countries where the problem is not being given sufficient attention .
We regret that not all of them were adopted , particularly those that have introduced instruments for regulating the markets and mechanisms for intervention that guarantee farmers fair prices and the right of each country to produce .
Madam President , I am not a supporter of the notion that our economic recession is in a limited tax on the added value that we have seen in the UK with - just as I have just said positive effect .
Of course , we welcome the active commitment of Russia to promoting dialogue between Armenia and Azerbaijan in connection with the problem of Nagorno-Karabakh .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we know what they have been most visible and most visible .
It was critical , but constructive support for our commitment to Turkey in an extremely important period .
This agreement will help to identify ideas and experience for the development of the scientific community , industry and ordinary citizens .
This may be the last moment that we have the opportunity to say it and therefore all of the Ukrainians must be confident that the integration of Europe and changes in the legislation are their responsibilities .
All Members who have asked to speak will be granted prior or not .
It is so strange , and the fact that women are at risk of the risk of poverty in poverty than men ; especially the risk of older women and the cheap parents .
Such proposals are made in this House .
( HU ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , millions of European citizens expect us to take rapid decisions .
This will also have to be included in your mandate and in the outcome of your negotiations .
This will thus be the system of protecting fundamental rights within the Union and you know that , under the Treaty of Lisbon , it is not an opportunity but an opportunity .
The aim of the meeting will be to present an official agreement on the Greek banks , the financial support package of Greece , to address the difficult financial situation of the euro area , and to face the lessons that can be learnt from the situation and agreements that can be learnt from the euro area and the entire European Union .
However , creating a Green Paper on the reform of the common fisheries policy provides us all the opportunity to change the common fisheries policy , and I hope that my fellow Members will benefit from this chance to prevent the greatest possible number of people with a Green Paper , so that their voice is heard .
The EIB has recently taken concrete steps to tackle the situation , particularly through the action committee 's audit Committee , which has a significant attempt to coordinate the banking supervision .
I have a final point .
It must be stressed that border controls are carried out under Community law , in particular , the Code of the Schengen Borders Code .
Oral questions and written declarations ( tabling ) : see Minutes
Why is it time ?
We do not want to create an attack , but today we had the opportunity to state its position and say that the control of the Italian Prime Minister is a blatant abuse .
Establishing democracy , where citizens enjoy fundamental freedoms and human rights , will lead to significant advantages for Georgia .
This must be seriously addressed by those responsible for policies .
Transparency must also apply to the labelling of animals from animals fed to genetically modified food .
In order to support the impact assessment that will show the rationale for this initiative , the Commission will offer the EU 's mechanisms , in particular , to improve the checks and implementation of the Waste Shipment Regulation .
I intend to start by talking briefly , as the document which the document of this House has mentioned is not a document adopted by the Commission and has no authorisation for its publication , but the Commission intends later to adopt a communication to the Council and Parliament , which will be assessed a communication on the benefits and the benefits of the reduction in the reduction of a 30 % reduction in greenhouse gas emissions .
I hope that this will not be another strategy that I have not just another strategy , so I would like to mention and point out in the report - the importance of implementation and control .
The European Investment Fund announced that operations that are agreed will be balanced and in terms of geographical scope .
The Commission is carefully monitoring developments in terms of the <UNK> and related markets .
However , this paragraph is possible to subject to different interpretations .
The regulation aims to establish a common framework for the rights of bus and coach passengers by ensuring their level of protection , thereby making it available for other vehicles , such as trains and aeroplanes .
We have laid down new requirements for transparency that are of paramount importance .
We have a robust framework for cooperation through the Black Sea Synergy , which was previously organised some time ago , although there is no real results .
( SK ) I am convinced that the European Union must send out a clear message to Belarus that it is ready to revise relations with the country if Belarus does not abstain from the violation of human rights and democratic principles and not take corrective action .
This fundamental right can be openly in the conventions of the European Council and elsewhere , but not in practice .
Have you <UNK> to pay tribute to <UNK> , or perhaps the <UNK> , and <UNK> , and we do not have nothing ?
I myself have always supported this to put the first place of consumers and their right to information and their right of food , and this applies to all food .
We do not want money to save capital .
I voted for this report because I support the annual review of the Europe 2020 strategy , the main emphasis to which the employment policy must be integrated and economic policy guidelines .
We therefore need Russia to persuade Iran to create a nuclear power .
I would like to thank you , Mr Diamandouros , and I will end by saying that , as a result of your oral work , we have some concrete evidence that it is not possible to accept these challenges but , above all , to provide appropriate and strong responses .
Firstly , President Obama has clearly confirmed its ambition to have a world without nuclear weapons and its commitment to actively seek a complete ban on nuclear attempts ( <UNK> ) from the United States .
In fact , new , sustainable ways of saving and more effective use of resources and goods are becoming increasingly frequent .
The rules for allocating funds from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund were simplified in the context of the labour market and increasing numbers of unemployed .
I believe that this will be a positive result .
The best argument against such action is the situation in the Member States which are heading at national level .
Now is a question of negotiating a certain agenda for the TEC , which reflects the priorities .
For this reason , I voted in favour of this report .
in writing . - ( PT ) The fact that various EU Member States still do not have the independence of Kosovo , is enough to show us that the content of this resolution is unacceptable .
For example , it is not acceptable and more institutions that have been granted services of public interest in order to be exposed to the direct competition .
In fact , the Commission has issued its guidelines for monitoring cancer screening and currently in Member States to respect these guidelines and implement cancer programmes for breast cancer in their countries as soon as possible .
I also support the fact that a new protocol is the safeguard clause for the suspension of the protocol in the event of breaches of human rights violations .
This will be a major test and a challenge for Hungary .
Just as agriculture , we have set high environmental standards and animal welfare standards , which naturally affects prices and prices .
I would like to know what the real position of the Socialists is .
I therefore believe that this own-initiative report is timely and I support it as a whole .
The Council believes that the use of hazardous substances would lead to a <UNK> of insufficient application of the regulations .
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
Therefore , I also ask the current order to keep the case .
Mr President , I would like to thank , first of all the shadow rapporteurs , with whom we really do very effectively in writing on this report and , secondly , members of all members of the secretariat of the committee , because this was a very easy task .
We believe that the economic governance , the Union 's economic government must be strong in a strong foundation .
It must be very clear , however , that the future attitude of our Mercosur partners would certainly allow the resumption of the negotiations , but this is not guaranteed them , of course , to ensure their successful conclusion .
According to estimates , for a period of 10 % of the most important environmental terms in the area of Congo , the Congo will disappear in the event that the <UNK> continues to be left out , and that is , in the same way , to increase the maximum extraction .
However , the most serious fact should not stop us look at these issues in this House .
Finally , I hope that the basic provisions in this report will be included in the important reforms in the future .
This is not only good , but also necessary in order to maintain the EU 's credibility and its common fisheries policy .
The accession will also strengthen the credibility of the Union 's third countries , as it demands regular respect for human rights within its bilateral relations .
He played its role in the introduction and the operation of the transitional regulatory framework .
The reason is that this will affect too much on the destruction of the <UNK> fishermen .
These networks , the flow of information and provide support for the need for enterprises , are the most suitable ones , while women are more vulnerable than this point of view .
I voted in favour of this document because there is a need to strengthen the supervision of the European market supervision , providing better access to the major banking services , creating a single market and eliminating tax barriers and tax taxation .
According to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction ( EMCDDA ) , the EMCDDA is not a study among the population as a whole on illegal use of drugs .
We must openly speak about the subject of domestic violence and trafficking in human beings , which is still taboo and , of course , to introduce the principle of gender equality in the process of <UNK> schools .
The study is being encouraged .
These conditions have already been identified : quality of public spending , objectives of sustainable development , employment policy , combating climate change , of course , it is also necessary to compensate the deficits of previous administrations , so that helping the countries which help to achieve the level of income .
For this reason , 9 May is seen in a different way from the old and new Member States , particularly from the Baltic States , which lost their independence as a country and whose <UNK> was promised .
This is regulated in other directives , in which the European Parliament has highlighted over recent years .
If you are going to allow you , and I hope that will be possible , we will meet in the <UNK> .
I know the most serious nature of this issue in Europe , the result of the experience gained on people during totalitarian totalitarian regimes , who are without any legal basis , are in the private life of their citizens .
Written explanations of vote
It is obvious that the Cyprus issue is worth negotiating the negotiations .
Agriculture is one of the most sensitive issues and remains terrible in cooperation between the European Union and the ACP countries .
The new institutional conditions were adopted to bring about decisions to citizens and make it simpler , more transparent , more transparent and more effective .
Migration offers a great potential for development , but also poses serious challenges in the developed countries , both in the least developed countries of the European Union .
Almost 30 years this man is expected to honour its implementation after the trial , the most recent errors and omissions , as well as the <UNK> .
I am sorry , but at least we can expect people who come from Europe are coming up to the most stringent rules .
On 4 February , there will be the texts we have recently been meeting , and we will , of course , have a historical deal of thing , and we can now call it a historic package on climate and energy package that we have been waiting for a few years before the previous Commission .
Madam President , in this House , I would say too <UNK> , and I regret that there is no more than those questions that are interested in this House .
In your pockets or spent a new asylum service scheme , which will undoubtedly increase pressure on the UK ?
The report is at the same time useful and forward-looking .
We must not forget that the directive adopted only deals with patients ' rights , while the question of free movement of health services remains unresolved .
We are asking for the companies to create a system that allows us full transparency and which allows us to establish what they are adhere to the rules and who do not .
This was a very difficult issue during our debates , but we have finally managed to reach a very good compromise on the hazardous substances .
This is a text that , like the two of the two previous ones , aims to determine the conditions for road tolls in different countries , seeks to avoid unnecessary disputes , so that it does not result in distortion of competition or discrimination .
The discrepancy can be seen between Romania and Germany .
It is intended to provide qualifications and retraining skills and to improve the skills and to help people and help them find their job .
The funds and companies for the venture capital will have to be held in the Council on the competitive supply when they have been <UNK> very high for capital .
Each of us has a share or a share of responsibility .
So when Member States talk about financial consequences , we should understand that the quality of decisions taken are taken , making it a good way and ensuring that the appeal of appeal is the right procedure , namely , in which we can be used and where we can have fair and fair solutions .
( PT ) Mr President , one or two years ago , when the euro was very strong , <UNK> Street , <UNK> of his failure and how it can happen .
We have spent many money in 2007 and we must now deal with control systems that exist or those that only exist .
( The sitting was suspended at <UNK> and resumed at <UNK> p.m . )
The European Commission has reacted quickly to the economic and financial crisis and measures to competition policy were effectively used .
All this happens in the pretext of preserving the privileges that have been felt by the large economic and financial interests - particularly those of the parties - which contributed to the European Union 's Structural Funds , such as the Stability and Growth Pact , and the euro and the euro .
Madam President , as the Liberal Party , I must emphasise that the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe is always the task force of enlargement , because we believe in Europe , from all the Member States , and that is , a strong Europe .
I assume that the statement by Mrs Georgieva would have been the same two weeks before the current events .
This directive is another example of the militarisation of Europe in the service of Europeans , while also promoting solidarity between peoples and create benefits for patients , particularly those who suffer from rare or chronic diseases and which can benefit from access to the disease in the area of which they suffer .
In any case , I will continue to inform the leaders of your political groups immediately , to a few hours after the end of every European Council meeting .
I would like to propose a sensible way out of the situation .
You can also decide on a solution , but they will certainly not solve the security problem .
Consumers and producers in the European Union must be protected and I do not believe that a trade agreement with Mercosur would have been <UNK> .
We know that neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer 's diseases and are among the greatest challenges in the area of mental health and , for this reason , the fight against these diseases must respond to three challenges : the provision of care for the growing number of patients , improving conditions for improving the conditions for those families , which means greater support for those families and providing greater support for patients and providing much more resources for patients .
As regards Syria , we want it to fulfil its obligations and therefore respect the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the UN Convention against Torture , which , in fact , we are calling for a country to stop its harassment of human rights defenders and their families and to free human rights defenders and to free movement defenders of political prisoners .
<UNK> are forced to cope with exceptional conditions under the ETS of trade in the trade , the border airlines are <UNK> , and confirmed by the regulatory authorities , airlines and airlines have experience in the work of the <UNK> areas , as they show their safety .
Given the financial crisis and the significant drop in the number of loans , I support the proposal of the European Commission to create the microfinance facility designed to create the most vulnerable groups , particularly women and the unemployed .
As part of the protection of the fisheries sector , during the EU negotiations , it also seeks to remove our trade barriers to trade barriers which are a threat to the potential for export EU industry with the aim of ensuring equal competition in bilateral and trade in fishery .
I would , however , like to address the possibility that there is a world in the United States and Europe .
This is one of the most important objectives .
Above this , it should be done to examine whether appropriate asylum agreements , asylum and economic migrants could prevent abuse .
Should he or she should it send a signal to the police or stop the treaty ?
We support the proposed directive .
On this basis , the interpretation process will be found in the <UNK> period than it would be at the moment to go further .
We are now waiting for the United States and China .
That is why it is harmful .
I believe that this is a very delicate proposal , and I would like to identify it very much .
( DE ) Madam President , Japan still is under threat from nuclear disaster .
Serbia is not just part of the European livestock .
It was a pity in Copenhagen not only to <UNK> II but also to the seeds of one of the most recent decades .
I voted in favour of the resolution on the process of European integration and the Agreement between the European and the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Serbia , because I believe that constructive reconciliation in regional cooperation and good neighbourly relations are an essential component of the process and play an important role in the process of stabilising the Western Balkans in the Western Balkans region and the development of the region .
( Applause )
The agreement of the agreement is three years .
Regarding the price of price volatility , I called on the Commission , as part of the CAP , to provide a more important role in managing intervention instruments and adopt more stringent measures to limit agricultural markets .
We call on the Zimbabwe of Zimbabwe to implement all the measures necessary in accordance with the resolutions of the Kimberley Process for the adoption of the adoption of the first activity process .
Our amendments to Kosovo , gender equality , civil society , civil society , public transport , the environment and relations with Bosnia .
All the safeguards we have requested by the Commission were rejected by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
Without them , there can be no economic development , jobs and security for everyone .
We must clearly explain to those people who want to say that the streets of Europe are not <UNK> with gold that Europe can not provide work , prosperity and asylum for everyone and that many of these <UNK> and <UNK> .
In short , it is a fundamental issue for Dutch citizens that Dutch citizens will have to set their <UNK> and pay the accounts of the weak Member States , some of which joined the euro area .
Cohesion policy , for example , is not the only instrument that will help us to develop innovation and create jobs and growth .
Firstly , we MEPs must have the same responsibility for setting up their overall administrative costs for EUR 200 per year , whatever they are .
We believe that Europe must focus itself on developing the right capabilities to make sure that we take the right and ensuring the effective functioning of existing institutions , not so on building additional institutions , which is competitive and luxury .
It is also surprising that the European Council never in its entire existence is not a <UNK> relationship between the EU and China .
The current protocol on the amendment to the Air Transport Agreement has therefore been subject to the agreement by Parliament until the original agreement was concluded following Parliament .
We also have taken important measures to open up the markets of the world markets , such as too many more sensitive sectors and professions .
I must say that the motion for a resolution we have seen is quite appropriate , and we welcome , as we welcome , in addition , the constructive position on the agreements and the fact that the motion for a proper review mechanism requires a proper review of the agreements .
The Commission therefore urges Member States to take a political solution to ensure a political mechanism for ensuring the financial stability in the euro area as a whole , a whole mechanism that will be carried out rapidly in accordance with the Treaty and the clause on the liquidity and not automatically , in it .
I consider the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion for fundamental human rights , which we hope to defend this resolution .
In the year of combating poverty , we have a duty to state that tackling poverty and inequalities in the Danube region is a challenge that must be tackled through the strategy .
<UNK> to guarantee deposits ( vote )
Mr President , this is a debate in this House .
We can objectively say that we have done a huge amount of work and among the results of it , we can clearly see a commitment to protecting human rights and the consequences of it .
Finally , I would like to address the Council , whether to the rotating Presidency or to the permanent Presidency , and to tell you that I have officially said that the Treaty of Lisbon came .
There is a need to be financial <UNK> in the financial instrument for development cooperation , which is only intended to target countries with emerging markets and developing countries .
They must therefore have the same status .
It proposes the increase in the needs of ordinary people in accordance with the taxpayer who are produced in our country .
If the EU insists on to impose a tax , in any case , it must be accompanied by the company of the Member State .
With the adoption of today 's resolution , the European Parliament is still calling for the protection of small and medium-sized enterprises .
In this regard , I would like to draw the debate on the issue of derivatives .
Now is a time for bold decisions at national level , which apply in the long term that are not easily taken .
More than 10 years , European Socialists are fighting in the European Parliament for a tax on financial transactions will benefit from this tax .
This is also the case with Georgia 's help for Georgia , which we have just voted on .
Unfortunately , the European Union is difficult to develop a common strategy against the economic crisis .
It shows political will , which is very important , but achieving this objective can only be done in a very technical and very strict manner .
We must act quickly to help Greece .
In this new version , the product will have to be put in place in the current five-year period .
Not only for ordinary citizens , students , choose ; it also increases business opportunities and this is something very good .
I understand that everyone would take the floor , but we have five minutes for the catch-the-eye procedure - for everyone in a minute - so five people can speak .
After all , we must stop the necessary and important thing , and I think that you have done good work .
The word discrimination taken by the word <UNK> ' is in the most recent evil .
With the direct budget of EUR 54 billion for 2007-2013 , with the period of the Seventh Framework Programme ( FP7 ) , the FP7 of the largest programmes for supporting research in the world and represents the main instrument of EU research policy .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the President of the conference in Cancún on the same time as complex process .
We therefore support the proposal , just as it has been tabled by the competent committee , and we can already thank Commissioner Tajani for the significant assurances that this House has given to this matter .
In the current situation , I am encouraged to fear that at European level , we are in all areas of increasing this gap , the disparities of this inequalities , over the coming years and decades .
I can not therefore support this report with a clear conscience that explains my vote on this issue .
However , the European Union must constantly support the people in this country , and not only by doing statements that risk their lives every day to protest against these acts .
There must be a gradual suspension of sanctions within the framework of the safeguard and corrective measures for the Stability and Growth Pact .
- ( NL ) Mr President , President of the German Chancellor of the European Parliament recently presented to the European Parliament for limiting the flow of trafficking in the Centre 's Centre .
( FR ) Mr President , yesterday , President Obama has rightly adopted their respect for the method of work of the European Community method .
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance also find it important to limit the grey zone on the <UNK> employment area .
Such quotas provide within the framework of Central America with Central America .
Apart from the horrific attacks , Christian assaults and its Christian faith are being subjected to pressure and , in Europe itself , often under the guise of <UNK> , as a unilateral approach and the institutions of the countries and institutions .
This motion for a resolution which I have already voted in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , and which I voted again today in plenary , is a clear message from the European Parliament .
We have a <UNK> !
However , decisions are extremely political , not technical , and I find this unacceptable .
During his work , we worked closely together in close cooperation and with thousands of women and women , which is why the document is unique .
Lastly , I would like to say that it is a good idea to create independent powers for intervention and in the participation of the Solidarity Fund .
Most of you know that this is the leading cause of women aged between 35 and <UNK> in the EU and our desire , among other things , to introduce <UNK> programmes at national level and to identify specialist cancer .
I would like to see rapid implementation , I would like to see quick results - and that is the first place of the interests of European citizens , and then also European industry .
It is also important for the European Commission to be prepared to put additional pressure .
We build a Europe where there is no room for nationalism .
The European Union must leave Member States to deal with ethical issues such as abortion and abortion .
Following the victory of the blasphemy in 2006 , the problem as a Social Democrat .
This will give the House an excellent starting point , particularly in the negotiations with the Council , as I am of the opinion that , together with the Commission - and I thank the Commissioner for his clear position - Parliament will be able to create a situation tomorrow , which will ultimately lead to a successful conclusion in the negotiations with the Council .
I would like to mention , for example , the Presidency 's website , where information is proposed for meetings , jobs and <UNK> to other websites of three languages .
Order of business : see Minutes
The conclusion and conclusion of fisheries agreements in the EU 's common fisheries objective for maintaining and preserving the fishing activities of its vessels , particularly the fleet fleet , which is extremely important for adopting this document to achieve the common fisheries policy objectives .
We are talking about democracy .
The influence on them can only exercise the European authorities .
The only response that Parliament proposes and the report is more money , although there is no clear indication where it can take these money .
Decisions concerning certain documents : see Minutes
Moreover , it is increasingly important to have accurate and reliable databases that have highlighted the different features and provide the point for interventions that contribute to the treatment of every individual case in essence .
The proposal by the EU is good , understandable and fair .
The agreement between the EC and the Republic of Serbia on stabilisation and Association .
Mr President , Commissioner , our work is not finished .
I am convinced that the best way to tackle the problem of using nuclear energy once and once again , because its citizens also have their own use and , moreover , can not count on , be taken into account that nuclear technology will not be used for military purposes .
I hope that we will set ambitious targets .
The situation is exacerbating their difficulties and they are incapable of meeting their duties .
<UNK> and the father are the most important people for the child .
Only projects that can be financed from private sources are being managed in a different way .
It is not taken into account that it is time for change priorities in international trade and the rejection of free trade , which has had an impact on the financial , economic , food and social crisis that people are now suffering and poverty .
This is , of course , good .
I am also pleased that in the distribution industry there is security to make plans and I will vote in favour of this .
The strategy to improve their socio-economic integration in no way will not discriminate against discrimination , but rather the results that they will follow them .
If you look , you would have heard you think he is a game .
Let us not forget that there are already many EU laws in the area of energy markets , and precisely because these laws are not being imposed on this law .
We have previously sent a number of Members of this House from the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy Research have spoken about how the <UNK> are investing in the <UNK> .
( HU ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , if we are honest , we must unfortunately say that credit rating agencies are essentially in their proper manner of international trade .
I said in my speech that we need to see what we need to do and then decide how best we can achieve it .
As most of you know , the insurance and professional professional broadcasters are two subjects that are very expensive , and I do , in fact , the questions that I have raised the greatest interest within the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
It is really shocking that such something is happening to us .
It is very much supported that the EU 's cooperation between the EU and Canada should focus on the financing mechanisms , as well as on support for the purely developing countries .
Our function is to uphold democracy , human rights and freedom of expression in discussions with the Russians .
Increasing awareness and the <UNK> process was one of the major challenges adopted by almost all the participants in the process .
I would like to highlight the call for all possible efforts to ensure return to normal life and ensuring that all the refugees and displaced persons ( <UNK> ) can return to safety , and dignity with their homes .
The humanitarian situation today remains <UNK> .
The Barcelona Process was marked by the Heads of State or Government at the summit for the Mediterranean , held in the <UNK> of 13 July 2008 .
As regards the last question , this is not about all the members of the Commission , unfortunately we are unable to publish data with other financial resources .
I am pleased that reports express a strong position on the need not to pay debt and deficits and deficits have been drawn up in accordance with economic philosophy that I support .
For the time , the Commission has not done nothing for the time .
This is a pragmatic message that we should send to the government and the opposition of the opposition in Greece and which we in Europe must adopt if we really want to help the country .
I am pleased that I can say that there are many areas in which the EU and the United States cooperate closely with a view to strengthening our strategic partnership and achieving results .
At the end of 2008 , the European Parliament has also committed itself to the issue in its resolution .
There can be a solution to our energy problems .
( The President cut off the speaker )
This is achieved if it is necessary to have a significant financial contribution .
I welcome the emphasis placed on this concept of youth literacy , as they use the most important digital technologies , and therefore need to make it safe and effective .
We are thus making a huge success , although it is somewhat <UNK> than large combustion plants .
It is even more important that the Croatian questions be discussed .
( LT ) In normal circumstances , it would be possible to propose permanent people constantly participating in elections for local councils , but we all know that the majority of those who are not citizens of Latvia , hardly , could hardly be described as a country in normal circumstances .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
Indeed , we are granted both a vaccination and the return of the French and in the two parts of the city , but what the Commission says and which he has said last week : we must contact ourselves in East Jerusalem because , in any case , a comprehensive structure is a comprehensive structure , and this can not be changed by a single authority of power .
It is therefore important to monitor the conditions under which products from third countries produce and import .
However , Members who have been accused of the negotiations on the table were open to these proposals .
On the one hand , there is a force , and the other is the separation and division .
It is not important whether they travel for training , work or for the work they should feel safe at home and have the same rights as they have the same rights where they are in Europe .
We really need a lot of thought , colleagues .
Many of them are demands of citizens , but I can assure you that a number of pieces of pieces of pieces of pieces of pieces who are trying to obtain additional information on sensitive dossiers in the area of competition .
I voted in favour of the report on fishing opportunities and financial resources provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe , since it is designed to implement the new protocol not to stop the activities of European vessels .
We have fought secret and we do not know how and when they could be used .
Irrespective of the situation in their country , they simply want to go somewhere in the EU - where they think they have been able to try their prosperity to try and only to be included in our social systems .
Amendments 10 resolutions and the second revision of the second revision of the Cotonou Agreement were adopted .
Written declarations included in the register ( Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure ) : see Minutes
I would like to thank everyone who have worked on the legislative package .
- Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur for accepting the proposal that I adopted my proposal , the <UNK> of the Swedish Social programmes to ban access to the availability , child pornography and violence .
The only fair position we can adopt today must be heard : independently , freedom , do not choose !
Particular attention must also be paid to the development of the least developed areas , particularly small regions that are lagging behind by the average , and which must deal with a long range of shortcomings than the areas .
Both countries have achieved a great success in the Union and we must not forget this despite the fact that today and the two are facing difficult economic reforms .
That is why I believe that the Commission should also be kept responsible for its powers conferred on the power of the Treaties .
The aim of this report is to give passengers in maritime transport framework , which is similar to the existing rail transport and air transport , particularly to the transport of passengers and reduced mobility .
General Motors is not <UNK> ' in Belgium because there are difficulties : it has EUR <UNK> billion , but it does not prevent 2 600 jobs .
So where are we today ?
( FR ) Europe is quite rightly asking Europe wants to create a common policy and a currency but , above all , it needs a soul ' .
Adjournment of the session
<UNK> officials and the Israeli Government , such as <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> , <UNK> <UNK> and others , have done excellent work .
Nevertheless , we believe that volunteering must not be taken to Member States , and that it should not be used as a way of the needs of which fulfil social services .
The commitment that the European Union intends to take over the next few years in terms of coordinating the policy of the European policies is positive .
The Commission will also consider how Regulation ( EC ) can be further developed in the longer term in order to support the development of stronger and genuine transnational political parties and foundations at European level in order to develop a truly European public public public .
There are Members here .
The provision of access to food for all global demand worldwide and a higher shortage of billion people around the world is a major challenge .
These actions are being pursued by the risks of confidence , the distortion of competition , legal uncertainty and high level of costs , the proportion of the banks that are borne by taxpayers .
The reason why I did not vote for amendments is that they have been formulated in a very pragmatic way , and do you think that the discussion of Tobin Tobin tax is being held before .
As has been mentioned earlier , the objectives of the proposals are essential . So it is that they have obtained a separate legal basis in Article 194 of the Treaty of Lisbon , literally literally literally literally on the word .
We have a democratic legitimacy of the new service itself also depends on its composition .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in the debate on the EU 's energy mix , something is certain : the most important , critical and most energy-efficient energy source is the most energy-efficient energy source .
We have been in the <UNK> and <UNK> walls , for example , in order to discourage the <UNK> of wars , hunger and illegal warming , and women , the <UNK> are being exploited by detention , the <UNK> of our cities to <UNK> , where even the children fall in Lampedusa , where they are even covered by the Return Directive .
Some Member States simply ignore the need to invest in their respective plants .
They believe that deficits are above all the worth of the bad intentions of these countries , as if you have been a <UNK> model that you never <UNK> , never imagined , and as if we have not been able to put pressure on the purchasing power of people and not <UNK> on the ability of the tax burden : two of the tax at first and foremost , two of the public prosecutor were at the heart of the public prosecutor 's public prosecutor and the public prosecutor .
We have three people in the Commission who have the right to express opinions , but positions are the positions expressed by the President of the Commission on behalf of the Commission and by the relevant Commissioner .
In my opinion , it is unreasonable to MEPs expect immunity , and we must also ignore the burden of the economic crisis .
After centuries , we have had a long rule and in the last century , the latter that need people , violence is violence .
This is essential if you can make sure that you can do the right and discuss this issue with your constituents .
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
Please do that of Mr Barroso from my own name .
The European Union has already worked in this regard : proposals are proposals for capital adequacy and credit rating agencies from the Commission and are currently discussing by Parliament .
In the light of these data , I ask you , have the Commission had the consequences of these strict austerity policies that are more stringent and which we have been able to follow up with the crisis ?
At this time , it is empty words , especially for approximately the French Christians living in Pakistan , who live in Pakistan .
We must do everything we must protect the single currency , the euro and put the markets .
Yet we will not be able to put an end to the economic crisis in Europe , while not those who are responsible for it .
At the meeting of the Bureau , I will try to change this provision , as we can not allow a situation where colleagues who are in the list of speakers who are not included in the list of speakers , because another Member can speak , because another question of the Lithuanian Parliament , which is currently a judicial practice .
That is now a disgrace .
The European Parliament 's image : <UNK> in diversity ' is the principle that must be carried out in its overall work within the European Union and outside .
I share the concern of most Europeans with regard to the nuclear programme of Iran and the Iranian regime that it will only be used for civil purposes .
In my opinion , there were two controversial amendments .
( Applause )
It will probably be necessary to change a few generations to take this minority into account certain social rules .
This statement in <UNK> <UNK> in <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> in 2009 .
If the Commission proposal was implemented in its original form , this would mean that , in Denmark , we would have been increasing approximately two times in the number of pesticides on the market .
But unfortunately we can not yet put a stop to animals nor can we say in a position to when this will be possible .
The UK must ensure that the gas supply routes are restricted to it as a national resource can not afford to become a common EU resource .
The imperialist and Kosovo <UNK> is a key priority for the European Union .
It is therefore essential that the European Commission - and I know , Mr Vice-President , that you know what you have been doing - to present a real decisions as soon as possible , so that we can protect passengers if the airline were to travel , regardless of the way in which they had been killed on their ticket .
I will not support this resolution because , despite the apparent lack of progress and contradictions with the acquis communautaire , it calls for accession , which , in my opinion , is too vague .
In recent months , the situation in Belarus has changed and it is now a great concern that we have .
We also need to pay attention to this , how important fiscal policy is .
Madam President , we have two very brief reports and the climate debate on climate is of key importance , because we send a signal to the Council that plenary sitting this evening .
We have therefore decided to abstain in the final vote .
Parliament has always had this date with respect , but unfortunately , it has not yet received the necessary attention in European institutions and in the Member States .
This will enable us to promote car manufacturers to use the environmental innovations to ensure the competitiveness of the European car industry .
Moreover , I would not like to highlight the opportunity that this proposal will entail a significant reduction in noise on road traffic , as reducing the level of noise will create a significant improvement in the situation .
A new draft amendments tabled in committee tabled for the plenary session ( Rule <UNK> ) : see Minutes
The parties can take part if the budget are actually the most effective budget support in a satisfactory way , and those who are absolutely crucial to ensure that the MDGs are properly committed and achieving the MDGs .
In the area of transport , there are no direct solutions , there are no short-term solutions , and this must be an opportunity - that it is currently being done - that the White Paper currently contained , and the necessary measures to reduce our free dependence on air transport .
Moreover , Member States highlight solidarity with those of them most affected by the most vulnerable movements , and we confirm again to give their willingness to support the situation with the situation .
( HU ) The new Member States are now meeting the EU 's organisation of wine market wine .
However , I have raised the hypocrisy of this report .
Of course , the European Investigation Order must be carefully applied .
One will be the victim if citizens are allowed to be able to communicate on the Internet : a very serious issue .
Only citizens and businesses will be able to benefit from the advantages of the single market only after this purpose .
Since then , we have been united and permanent commitment to achieving genuine autonomy for its people , the Dalai Lama proposed the world 's way to achieve democracy without the use of violence .
Dates of forthcoming sittings : see Minutes
They have no real responsibility where Europe is in place .
However , I and my fellow Members of the Commission share the desire expressed in your decision on the discharge : we want to see the progress made in recent years , in improving the progress made in the European budget , including accountability and responsibility of the major stakeholders .
In my opinion , the accuracy is only 79 % , and this will create major problems for farmers in the whole <UNK> .
In the context of crisis , we must use the opportunity to exploit and eliminate the labour market in order to avoid negative social consequences .
in writing . - ( IT ) Information and communication technologies ( ICT ) are currently an integral part of the economy and society of the European Union .
We want to have a real analysis of the cohesion policy programmes for 2007-2013 .
When it comes to trade and energy , we are rather <UNK> or , yes , we should call it in another way , everyone is necessary for the other .
The rights of employees ' rights , the rights of trade unions and social protection must be given at least the same importance as the same as - and indeed , the internal market and freedom of services .
The Lithuanian body must be kept informed about safety , which allows them to use them in all Member States .
The main objective of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) set out in Article 39 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , is to increase agricultural productivity by supporting the technological developments and ensuring the rational development of agricultural production and the use of production factors , particularly the workforce .
We and
It is extremely important to have a sufficient number of funds available to control the passport of the banks properly .
Measures such as financial support for people who have been granted university are essential for the transition to the labour market .
The need to achieve greater emphasis on air traffic recognises , both through action at national and at EU level and by international conventions .
I believe that this will help significantly increase the understanding , the credibility and credibility of the EU .
I am , of course , thinking of the Treaty of Lisbon , an important treaty whose <UNK> Treaty is the <UNK> , whose key pillar is the way in which we all , Parliament , the Commission and the Council can come closer to citizens .
This is the only way to guarantee the future of small and medium-sized farms and to produce , and to make sure that the right to every country 's right and independence is respected .
The inclusion of recreational fisheries in the fishing quota is unacceptable .
Although rural beneficiaries are affected , there have never been a Roma programme for Roma communities as part of European rural development programmes .
However , assistance from the European Union comes from the responsibility of the states themselves who want to benefit from the institutions and the power of the institutions .
( ES ) Mr President , in the last few weeks , we were <UNK> by the constant demonstrations of the Iranian people and the courage of the Iranian people , who face up with the <UNK> and <UNK> of their <UNK> .
The debate is closed .
Nothing says about how the Swedish Presidency will ensure compliance with the so-called guarantees granted to the Irish .
However , the question of what competence are being provided for , as regards relations between the country and the <UNK> is , of course , as a major , crucial and , must be debated in this House .
The geographical location of the two days of elections was particularly <UNK> .
Or supports the free expression of opinion and accept all the negative consequences of this , or do not support it in favour of the closure of the <UNK> .
How many times have to repeat in this Chamber , because the people like the Portuguese regions and do want them to be aware of the people and their <UNK> there can not be a <UNK> for economic activity like any other ?
However , the global financial crisis means that Member States must strengthen their support for the least developed countries by public development aid and cooperation on adaptation and mitigation of climate change .
In fact , 93 % of the EU 's milk production is sold on the European market and a significant proportion of the income of <UNK> holdings .
It must be said that if these <UNK> the financial system is based , then they must undoubtedly be <UNK> .
As regards interest rates , there are a number of Member States that have set up a border limit - as a condition - which is roughly 8 to 8 % .
They are very specific , affecting meat and I do not think that there is room for them .
( SV ) It is not necessary to ask you any further details of the <UNK> case .
I find it that their current concerns are more justified than the case of the Chinese Government 's rejection , which continues more than 50 years , regardless of the coup and , I would say , a <UNK> <UNK> .
Their other examples are doctors in the United States .
However , I would like to make a clear statement by the Commission on the <UNK> of a national political level and its negative impact on the European Union - ultimately the failure of the Portuguese Government is at the moment when the government decided to do what the framework requires for it requires stability .
The main priorities of European agriculture , such as food security , market regulation and territorial cohesion , is clearly <UNK> , and the consequences in budgetary terms , which must be tailored to the ambitions of the CAP .
There is another question I would like to touch on : I am a member of the Delegation with Canada and we could take a more constructive approach to Canada and with the other countries , to ensure fair developments in the High North Sea and particularly for the civilian population .
Not to predict the weak coordination of national economic strategies is sufficient .
There are other instruments that could be a valuable resource in the current situation .
EU law must be asked whether , in a strictly , European sense , some of the actions of Russia can be recognised as fully democratic .
Ladies and gentlemen , I share the concerns of Europeans about what is currently happening .
From the perspective of better coherence and better lawmaking , however , it would be more difficult if these two proposals were added to the current asylum package .
The budget for this measure is EUR <UNK> million .
If the government of Venezuela is committed to the rule of law and human rights , it must defend and respect freedom of expression and assess the extremely important contribution of criticism and openness , which brings critical country 's part .
The recent discussions that took place in Constanţa , Romania were focused on the new concerns of the Member States on economic and social development of the Danube .
The perpetrators used by renovating or incomplete drivers should have free access everywhere throughout the EU .
In these past days , I was voted in the Middle East in the Middle East .
The 20 % of complaints were concluded within three months .
This is even more disadvantaged in the current economic crisis .
Let us not forget that banks are not sustainable at risk .
European farmers carry out their activities , strict health and safety criteria .
How can we provide adequate protection for the sources of information from countries that are not safe ?
I firmly believe that , in the near future , the Canadian authorities will make every effort to suspend visas .
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Madam President , in this late hour , the Commission is likely to deal with other things , <UNK> by this report .
I would , however , like to look at the ratification process and to talk about how we should implement the Treaty of Lisbon , which is a major step towards the political union and the creation of a community of values .
We all need to be deeply grateful for the role that the United States play in the world and for their role in our history .
The words of the timetable and the time we have spent on , which <UNK> , this issue could have been spoken or two people .
As more , the right-wing is opposed to what has been said , so much more than your speech , that we are on the right track .
Mr Trichet , the <UNK> of the European Central Bank 's debate should be mentioned , as is the practice in the United States , Japan and Sweden .
I am thinking of the development of synergies on an integrated approach between different sectoral policies that exist in the area of regional policy , as stresses in this report .
The lack of transparency by the financial intermediaries has become a benchmark for the relocation of tax evasion and tax fraud and has led to the difficult situation we are currently experiencing .
This process will probably end up in autumn this year and when the final texts are removed from the negotiators , the Commission will submit them in the signing and conclusion of the free trade agreement .
There is only a State of State .
Thirdly , we have learnt what we are doing to our eyes .
There are also Europeans who live there - people who want to feel they live in a united Europe .
It is regrettable that there are many examples of the <UNK> .
The report notes that most children of immigrants in the EU are being allowed to possess the necessary expertise .
By addressing the structural difficulties , in particular , the shortcomings in terms of governance , the challenges facing workers are clearly evident .
These are the concrete achievements of Cancún .
I will add another question on this subject .
The policy instruments must be used in a way that will be avoided a strong <UNK> model for growth , which is <UNK> by the industrial policy .
I believe that the package of interventions , which contains the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council , can be effective in preventing macroeconomic imbalances , particularly in the euro area .
I consider it very important that the economic and financial crisis and the climate crisis have the same changes .
Is the EU 's institutions to go to the Court of Justice in connection with the Council decision to reduce the wages of public servants in EU citizens ?
We should follow good examples such as the cooperation between Norway and Russia on the <UNK> area in the Barents Sea .
( HU ) While we are still in the context of relations between the European Union and Russia , I must mention and today 's final meeting .
Indeed , the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg will protect the fundamental rights and freedoms against EU action .
One political question is very important .
That is why I say to you that we will try to act quickly in a situation that is currently dependent on the Constitutional Court of Justice in Prague .
I would like to draw attention to two parts of the world : firstly , Central Asia .
This would also benefit both parties and ensure that the steady gas flow of gas is guaranteed .
Mr President , I have asked for your word to draw your attention to Article 28 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , which , in any case , can ask the President of the President of Parliament and obtain a response within 30 days .
I voted in favour of the amendment and am pleased that it was adopted .
It is simple : what do we consider - no growth or jobs with jobs ?
Transparency in this process is essential .
We share the same common European goal .
The message we must convey is that democracy can not be imposed by force and that it is unacceptable to <UNK> the army by the army with no warning .
The change , as many other things are starting home .
We therefore need to have a strict control system in order to prevent and prevent money , especially in the countries of high corruption and low levels of corruption .
Does it consider it a transatlantic relationship on the part of the Members of the European Parliament ?
According to the current global statistics , the world 's population is constantly increasing and it is seen that by 2050 , it will increase by around 40 % and result in the demand for food demand expected to double requirements .
How can we explain this lack of speculation , then , this is a lack of loyalty ?
There was a difference of ending this project - no one no need for it .
Of course , I am <UNK> your <UNK> , the <UNK> , but please ask that , while we have visas until we have a visa .
( SK ) The recent conflict in Thailand in many very quickly , which has caused the death of many demonstrators following the death of the Burmese forces .
Furthermore , the use of the online tender systems , which will help to eliminate corruption and fraud in the system of public procurement .
The car industry , as everyone else , is increasingly <UNK> on global competition .
As a member of the Committee on Development , I support the opinion that if such a tax is introduced , part of income should be allocated to the development of development .
I will only give you an example to show how this works works .
In fact , it is often these instruments that are set out in the nature of the market today .
As they say in <UNK> , they are no longer <UNK> ' and are absolutely right .
I welcome the fact that the Council , under the leadership of the Spanish Presidency , has already set out their position and is able to proceed to discussions with Parliament , which , of course , has particular interest and legitimacy on this matter .
I really believe that the European Parliament must play a decisive role in combating this serious scourge .
I would like to present a case of fundamental rights .
I understand it and share it , but I would like to assure this House that we are moving with maximum deeds .
But it is about something important , in fact , the question of life and death death , this is a dual issue , because my constituents are particularly opposed by it .
I welcome Amendment 87 , as I believe that taxpayers in every country must ensure that there are sufficient financial resources available for people with disabilities , so that they are considered reliable in the simplified market .
Kosovo can be seen as the last possible political deadlock .
Opening of the sitting
For us , the technical harmonisation is also an important issue .
The European Commission has been raised questions about the transparency of the decision-making process and better coordination of the European Commission .
In the past , it was a delicate issue .
Apart from the tests , the European Union must work towards harmonising international standards at the highest level , within the G20 and the International Atomic Energy Agency , based on the objectives of the Stability and Energy Agency for new reactors .
We are not presenting ourselves in this House .
The report also endorses support for SMEs which , at this time , have a serious need for it .
There has been no lack of transparency in several areas , and there was a clear lack of market abuse .
We are not enough at the moment .
It will continue to stop until <UNK> is cut off , because if it reduces water , this will stop the whole pipeline .
This involves doing first , indeed , the authorisation of sales of different brands .
We will have a meeting of the European Council tomorrow in Brussels tomorrow to prepare the EU 's common position .
However , the problem is who can restore confidence and how it can be heard .
Some of them will be a matter of opinion , and I would not have asked the Commission to intervene in such cases , but when you say a <UNK> <UNK> for the Community , will the Commission be a source of rapid or three months to discuss two or three months , whereby you can direct the European Union or to postpone information about the information about the information about the Community 's activities of information on the Community 's activities ?
However , differences in labour law and developing countries are experiencing .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her commitment and excellent cooperation , as this really is an important topic .
The budget for the financial year 2010 is being devised in the shadow of the financial crisis .
The two most ambitious issues are the objectives for reducing emissions for the various countries and how the industrialised countries will contribute to financing investment in reducing climate change in developing countries .
The successful policy of dialogue with Belarus has led to some results : now almost half of the <UNK> support of the European Union 's most important relationship .
It is even more incomprehensible and therefore it did not happen with someone who is the case , but with this <UNK> , which is the failure of our region ; railway line is also a new , only a few years ago .
I can say that what we are heading through this directive is Europe 's health .
The changes in this regard will encourage cross-border trade .
For these countries , the prospect of membership is too important in order to depend on the dispute settlement .
Part of the tests have been transposed in 15 Member States .
The Commission 's approach gives reason to hope that a united Europe will not mean <UNK> <UNK> , particularly during a period of crisis .
The 2009 report was a year in which aid was mobilised to maintain the integrity and competitiveness of the single market .
The second point confirms the principle that the commitments we made in the cohesion sector are particularly high , must be implemented , not just as the Council simply proposes .
To date , the average <UNK> <UNK> is more than 50 000 cases of cholera , the recovery of 76 health and hospitals is the restoration and hospitals , and it is a double medical care for many years .
You know the responsibility , Mr Reinfeldt , say to my colleagues , that the best way forward is to tackle the Commission together to make a single recovery plan and to respond to a sustainable energy and in the new economy .
For this reason , coordination between Member States must improve and take a more effective and more effective response to prevention and treatment for people who live with , particularly Alzheimer 's disease , and support for people from their public .
All of our resolutions , demonstrations and bilateral negotiations between the EU and China have not led to an improvement in the human rights situation .
Anyone who does not meet the requirements for political correctness that is a <UNK> for the European Union , which describes the reality of the Union , should have been consulted and subject to other rules .
We know that one of the fundamental values that the European Union is founded on the rights of persons belonging to minorities , and with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon in Article 2 of the Treaty .
That is impossible .
I fully support the new initiative on Alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia .
It covers the fishing fishery activity within the framework of legal norms , issued under the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles and the Commission on tuna fishing in the Indian Ocean Ocean , which regulates tuna and tuna fishing in the region .
The European Union must retain its military capabilities , abide by its military ambitions and maintain its ambition in the common security and defence policy ( CSDP ) as laid down in a letter drafted letter from France , Germany and Poland .
The reports we have before us today and the report on the European Security Strategy that all the European Union can do things to do things together , if all work together to ensure that we have a full consistent policy that covers the CFSP , the Community dimension and , of course , the actions of the Member States .
We have failed to do much for this , but thanks to the work of our rapporteur , we seem to have been the best possible solution .
The critical points have already been mentioned , including the forthcoming improvements of public procurement legislation , and I would not like to repeat them .
In 2006 , before the renewal of the programmes , we in the European Parliament naturally remember that we do not live isolated and that we must try to all of us to do .
( MT ) The rapporteur was right when he said that the common asylum policy must be placed on the principle of solidarity .
The fact that this is the absolute public resource and its <UNK> <UNK> , and its <UNK> <UNK> , as the European Union 's body , but we should not agree with this process as a opposition between different ways of using the different ways we can identify for the mining .
Following the fall of the <UNK> <UNK> , the Democratic Republic of Congo , the Democratic Republic of Congo ( <UNK> and <UNK> ) , <UNK> ) , <UNK> violence , led to millions of violence .
<UNK> of subsidiarity and the <UNK> of social services in the EU ( debate )
We are very grateful for the Council and I hope my colleagues and I can take this into the forthcoming common elections .
However , it also means that , in future , Parliament must deepen its supervisory procedures .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
With today 's resolution , I supported the request for discharge for 2009 of the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training .
If the European Council really believes that savings should be made available , the heads of the European countries must be addressed this issue .
Let me mention what happened in the dispute .
The payments of payments in the first pillar will also make it possible to encourage farmers to adopt good farming practices and to be more effective in economic and environmental terms .
The most important example of this is the issue of the slaughter of slaughter .
In fact , this method of Convention was used in the drafting of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and , above all , the Constitutional Treaty .
Only a study shows that fishermen in Bulgaria are not even aware that there is such an opportunity and that is such a regulation .
It is no matter what the Black Sea was - a <UNK> , European or what else is going to do .
The Balkans still still , the Arctic border dispute between Croatia and Slovenia must not obstruct its accession to the European Union and I hope that we will soon start negotiations .
These proposals are good , but it seems to be a <UNK> for them because , although they do not have any kind of <UNK> in Gaza , they are not in Gaza without any kind of <UNK> of illegally who are left to the construction industry in Israel , from the West Bank , thereby denying the environment , while at the same time , leaving the land of the land are not being able to receive financial transactions .
I believe that in order to tackle this growth , we must improve national plans for combating cancer and have a much more effective information campaign aimed at EU people .
The European Parliament resolution on this murder is an expression of our opposition to the growing religious faith of religious faith in Pakistan , but it is also unambiguously clear that we will not abandon religious minorities whose rights are very often violated .
You have been making sure you have been going through .
That is already a problem .
However , in the Mediterranean , it is clear that the question is not only of confidence , but for the viability of the European common immigration policy , which aims to be a area of freedom , security and justice in accordance with Articles 67 from the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
In addition , with the adoption of the report , the European Parliament clearly states that there is no room for discrimination on grounds of age or gender , which is particularly important in the context of social debate on the ground of women in the workplace between women and men .
To a large extent , I agree with Mrs Hedegaard that we need to ensure that there are sufficient payments in the Structural Funds which will enable us to fulfil their promises to the new Member States .
I endorsed the report on the simplification of the implementation of the framework of the framework of the framework programmes for research .
In this regard , we must come forward with truly innovative solutions and ensure the right incentives through policy .
It can be difficult , but the Italians must decide it .
This proposal is to create a legal framework for the introduction of intelligent transport systems in Europe ( ITS ) in the field of road transport and recycling of the other types of intergovernmental ( global system , systematic and control instruments for the traffic of traffic ) .
For example , one of the positive things is that , in terms of the transport of passengers , passengers , we have succeeded in reducing the number of obstacles in areas where there is a risk of cross-border transport .
If we achieve a situation where passports are safe and the laws of data protection are respected , then the European Union will then be a decisive step forward in the interests of children and against children and trafficking .
As we vote for this draft report , which will allow funds to be mobilised from the Solidarity Fund for the people affected by Madeira and from the affected regions in France and which , of course , we supported ourselves in a number of things to highlight the cost of the funds that previously previously planned .
Let us give us time and we do not do this in times of crisis .
Other other essential changes have not been adopted .
However , the competence remain at Member State level .
However , things stand up under the figures that have been presented to us this morning .
It is extremely important that the climate conference achieves a ambitious and binding agreement on climate change is reached .
The rights of emerging economies mean that it is essential for the European Union , for its citizens and Member States , and thus , also , to be more effective and more effective for the elimination of our response and our interests on the world stage .
For this reason , it deserves special attention .
It is also important to take into account the different circumstances , in Europe , in order to ensure the survival of micro-enterprises , preventing business at a level .
I believe that , from Parliament , the exclusion of meat to cloned animals from this proposal , as it was not possible to draw up a few points of the paragraph and a new technology , which is the cloning of animals , despite some countries , is that this is a reality .
It is our duty in the European Parliament and in the Subcommittee on Human Rights , and the Commission 's opinion that the results of human rights are playing an important role , too , and at the summits itself .
At the same time , this new strategy must be laid down in the foundations of economic growth in the EU .
This is the case in many large countries with many large tariffs that have capacity to increase several sites - for example , in the UK - and this is also the case in sparsely populated regions where economic terms is to sell different nationality in a safe and the same trade .
Mrs Ashton has affected some details , but his answers were a long list .
Although it is essential not to increase pressure on national health systems or to contribute to the inequality of those systems , patients must also have the right to seek cross-border healthcare and must be informed about those rights .
In the review of this directive , a number of issues are being established in the context of its implementation .
There is also something I regret and it is that the implementation of all these new repressive and preventive laws will take a long time .
For this reason , I sincerely believe that we need both the rescue and sanctions that my fellow Members want and <UNK> , and from the infrastructure at European level .
Most importantly , we now have a directive that we must ensure that everyone has the right to understands the authorities and be extradited in such situations and to be taken into such situations , which is one of the basic preconditions for the rule of law .
On 12 August 2009 , Taiwan asked Taiwan .
This can be called <UNK> ' between poor or , in other words , between so-called <UNK> ' , the <UNK> ' of cohesion ' ...
Let us take a look at the disease caused by <UNK> .
The fine fine words in the agreement is not in practice , and we know this well .
This stimulates in a suitable way of market participants reduce the energy market and manage them effectively .
Finally , I would like to say that many women are <UNK> as a result of the efforts of society and the work of women and women 's work .
We must therefore increase our opportunities as avoid a <UNK> or stable dependence .
Support for small and medium-sized enterprises , particularly in the least developed regions , is also a interest .
We are a serious force and because of our development cooperation and humanitarian aid , which is proud .
I therefore support the Commission 's preliminary opinion in third countries , the fragmentation of the Council and the EU 's Special representatives of EU representatives , as well as the creation of the EU 's embassies ' .
This report supports the proposal for a amendment to Rule 51 of the Rules of Procedure .
The extension of the regulation 's regulation , so as to cover small and medium-sized livestock farmers , would make it easier for small operators to cover small operators , and in many cases , for them would not be possible to fulfil the regulation 's requirements ;
Therefore , the approval of Amendment 3 makes this resolution in the north and serious damage of the rest of the text .
For the 2011 budget , attempts to be made to make such savings .
Most importantly , it is the Member States to agree on the key issues so that the negotiations are going to find out .
I assume my fellow Member think that he thinks the same .
The situation is closed .
I would just like to highlight the following fact : Gaddafi used against demonstrators and the <UNK> of us .
Ireland will continue to contribute to their contribution in the operations , whether through the UN or the European Union or the European Union .
After urgent things , we must develop long-term aid , especially for the most vulnerable persons and for the state structures that have no other choice , except their rights of the US .
I can not understand why this authority has clearly exceeded budgetary surplus - for example , of EUR 27 million in 2008 , and to 31 December 2008 , EUR 50 million in total .
In this way , in relation to how we can link these two elements , I think we need to consider carefully how we can help consumers ' consumers , because they often do not have time to go down in a lawyer , but want to find aid quickly and find easy help .
The problem is the possibility of using its military and aggressive objectives .
On the accident in Baia Mare , 10 years ago in Romania , it is seen in the same way as the disaster in Chernobyl - with the consequences for three countries and the impact of ecosystems in the world 's ecosystems .
I congratulate the rapporteur on his generous approach and the quality of the work done .
<UNK> activities must be carried out in full compliance with the rule of law and fundamental rights at European Union level in the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
In fact , I believe that the status of political parties at European level could only pave the way not only of the population 's participation , but also for the creation of a genuine transnational system that will be vital to ensuring a greater democracy in Europe .
The action procedure is good .
It is obvious that we should not forget and the impact on the environment , which will prove the new system of monitoring the emissions established in tyres , reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
This report contains a comprehensive list of questions that must be solved .
Of course , this is not everything we could want .
The most disadvantaged actors in the outermost regions have the feeling that they have been punished by restrictions on the European standards that are in line with European standards , they are responsible for them less competitive competitors .
We have women in administration , the heads of the major ministries , such as the finance , justice , justice , social solidarity and , as well as a woman 's woman .
We want an Free Trade Agreement between the EU and India , which contributes to promoting sustainable development and clearly clauses on respect for ILO standards , <UNK> and duties on corporate social responsibility .
I am not a supporter of Italy .
It sets out one place of different recommendations relating to the policies that are necessary to strengthen Europe 's recovery to maintain its international competitiveness and achieve the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy .
While the United States spent a <UNK> for security , we in Europe have <UNK> or <UNK> on the development of our own strategy .
The aim of this report is to set out at an early stage of Parliament 's position on the new financial instrument for cooperation .
It is vital that the COP 17 has been agreed on 17 December to achieve a comprehensive deal of climate change , which leaves sanctions for countries that continue to cooperate .
Is this enough to be able to build the EU 's sphere of influence in the region ?
It is estimated that only rich countries have achieved the target of 0.7 % gross national development aid for development aid is achieved .
The size of the European livestock sector in Europe must be reduced and not constantly increasing .
I call for the world of American changes to climate change - climate change , environmental demands , energy needs , poverty and inequality that must be combated , a financial crisis that we must tackle - let us not turn protectionism into protectionism .
I call on the Commission to include the Directorate-General for Employment in the endeavour to be included in order to enable us to see what happens in Greece .
The latter must be focused on both national and European level .
We will do everything we can to achieve greater harmony between Parliament and the Council and also in relation to the issues relating to the procedure .
That is why I voted in favour of this report .
Our position would not be very good in such a position .
I am thinking of the possible new initiative that will allow us finally to make progress within the framework of the World Trade Organisation .
Now the troops are trying to withdraw from Iraq .
This is absolutely immoral and wrong .
We must clearly say that it is not time to stop the aid that those people need are , particularly the ones , particularly the ones who need to stop these assistance .
In Africa , young women and <UNK> are victims of military assaults and rape .
That is something I think we have taken a lot of patience and worked very hard on it .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
Of course , it is extremely important that the internal market is not affected by fragmentation and unfair competition .
So the first time is made in the directive between access to the Internet and the fundamental rights of citizens through the new version of 46 46 amendment .
The denial of Judge Afiuni is a violation of its fundamental rights and a very serious threat to the independence of the judiciary .
I am very critical of the fact that the Council as one of the Community 's main Community institutions can not and should not stand by this debate .
NATO is a major strategic partner of the European Union .
The vote on the European Refugee Fund will shed light on the need for Member States to fully implement their role in resettlement in order to fill the gap that exists both in terms of the number of countries involved in the programme involved and capacity for each country .
Everything and all the repressive measures and the Belarusian authorities must be called on to stop all the prosecution of persecution , intimidation and threats against civil society .
( ES ) Madam President , this week we heard a sharp news that in the sea , more than 20 000 new types of new types of new types of view have been found .
Member States , the social partners and a significant part of civil society were very weak , resulting from which they do not satisfy responsibility .
At the same time , and taking into account the evaluation of these programmes , the Commission adopted reports on Ireland , Greece , Spain , Latvia , Latvia , Latvia and Malta .
The development of development policies can be found in all our committees and we must bear this in mind .
General Motors is a company which has been given its competitiveness as a result of pension spending , is urged by the American trade unions .
The region can become a secure boost by improving the situation of the population .
Education is certainly an extremely important subject and we need to pay greater attention .
Our history shows that in its development , Belarus is obviously <UNK> by the West , and the Russian tradition , in terms of religion , and all forms of education and most importantly , the European thinking of thinking that is the most lucrative of Russia .
I would like a Commission , on the competent and a <UNK> Europeans , a Commission that is ready to take full advantage of its right of initiative .
I would therefore like to call on you , Commissioner , to make the selection procedure more difficult .
The Baltic Sea Strategy is internal for the European Union .
Apart from the American and Canadian military , I welcome and welcome the rapid and effective transfer of groups from Slovakia and the international military military military military military .
More than 70 000 men and women are involved in this period of 20 missions .
Every national contact points will play a role in the role of a one-stop shop and must cooperate with other national contact points .
Coordination of public procurement procedures and security procedures in the field of defence and security procedures ( debate )
However , it is not clear whether we can nevertheless apply , for example , the rapid suspension in transit zones , which is the worst of their farmers in Germany .
Of course , we can ask ourselves whether European policy in this area is sufficiently competent .
People in many Member States , regardless of their responsible origin , consider that the most effective measures of your government , the economic , liberal , liberal law and the same tolerance of European norms and values .
Croatia is a country both a human rights Declaration of the United Nations Human Rights Council and the Council of the European Convention on Human Rights .
We have been fully in place a new proposal by Parliament , much different from the Commission and with a different look from the Council .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to respond to one aspect , namely , the question of the country and let me start by saying that I deeply condemn colleagues in this .
The government 's government must quickly release a judge and stop attacks on the independence of the judiciary .
I think the answer to this question was given by Parliament , which recently presented a new mandate , and this shows that Parliament believes that it can be credible in this policy .
I believe that this regulation should emphasise , in particular , highlight the need to prevent the biological and exchange of technologies and software technologies , as the number of attacks on modern technologies and software .
Your Commissioner sent us a reply to which , among other things , he has been found that the right to residence these couples are recognised by European law .
Ladies and gentlemen , let us have so many protests , please vote - please vote again .
Provided that the mafia landscape threaten the stability of the single currency , avoiding and exerting pressure on the Member States , a solution can only be achieved by ensuring EU solidarity .
The European Protection Order can be considered in a request of protected persons if they decide to go to another Member State or if they simply want to flee some time .
For decades , it is not possible to invest their proceeds in sustainable development or in the development of infrastructure .
However , we must not <UNK> and <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' .
They claim that the situation is too complicated and that there is no sufficient transparency and experience that they are not able to take appropriate investment decisions .
The fact that the first leaders who <UNK> Mr Lukashenko for his victory have been a victory , Mr Medvedev , Mr Medvedev , Mr Putin , Mr Putin and President of Ukraine , shows their understanding of democracy and the prospect that Belarus is expecting in Belarus .
The task of Member States , on the other hand , is really to enforce this exceptional instrument .
We need a thorough debate on this issue , and not only in the European Parliament , but also in national parliaments , such as national authorities , too , should be committed .
It is also important to set an example in this respect to the other countries , including the developing countries .
Responsibility mostly extremists are being brutally .
Personally , I do not endorse the language in paragraph 10 , where the High Representative is calling for the High Representative to make every effort to implement the Union 's accession to the Union .
We are calling today and the Commission and the High Representative for Foreign Affairs , to adopt clear indications for our relations with third countries in the context of the new European External Action Service .
I support this ambitious proposal , as I believe that EU efforts must be supported globally from the efforts of large industrial industrial countries .
We must learn lessons and , as far as I am concerned , this is concerned , in this regard , three lessons .
The proposal does not take into account this .
How can we include the regions and local authorities to be successful this strategy and , in particular , how can we better encourage and monitor the restructuring of national budgets ?
Before the summit , the <UNK> summit - he has sent a letter to the Heads of State or Government , in one of the applications that the members of the Council have said that members of the economic strategy are responsible for their economic strategy and that it should meet the level of the EU level .
They must include the emergence of the H1N1 problems such as returning to displaced persons or the issue of alternative <UNK> .
I can only <UNK> the few <UNK> <UNK> of the <UNK> of a <UNK> paper .
I voted in favour of labelling of origin labelling and I welcome this piece of legislation .
On my part , I agree with the debate to continue , but I would like to avoid disputes .
It is specifically linked to investing in green infrastructure .
Another good thing is the many of the rules that make it is doing is acceptable .
I therefore think it is an argument to use English .
I agree with the call of the European Parliament to the Commission and Member States for the development of the development and consolidation of initiatives that provide most vulnerable support both directly and indirectly .
I believe that the conclusions in this report are extremely clear and very well the measures that the European Commission 's measures that should have had to address this issue a long time ago , to clarify the regime 's activities , at least in relation to the sector .
As regards the collection of waste waste waste in landfills , the report states that only nine countries have achieved their indicators in 2006 - according to a few information that has been made .
I find it vital that the recent cases in countries which are far from what they have been doing , but there are Christian communities established .
The European perspective of European perspective for all the countries of the Western Balkans agreed on this occasion , since the last decade , is the last example of the Council of 8 December 2008 .
I believe that it was now time to be implemented in a very concrete way .
The proposal raises the issue of victims of victims as a right of courts does not impose penalties for criminal acts carried out by victims on the victims .
Moreover , I believe the problem of energy security is also crucial in the area of combating climate change .
Although it is good to set targets that , by the way , the other , better , is better , if the necessary funds are available .
One of the framework conditions for this study is a tax on financial transactions to distort competition .
The success undoubtedly involves the detention of the heads of the <UNK> and <UNK> , the destruction of over 23 000 hectares of crops , which have been <UNK> , and 38 000 hectares of the closure of the closure of the <UNK> , the drug <UNK> , <UNK> and more than 45 000 people , in this process .
I also thought that , apart from the many civilians , the earthquake of the country is the foundation of the country , so significant damage caused by this natural disaster .
It is a good thing not to allow the investigation of the Commission .
Despite the difficult internal situation , the Thai Government has taken a very constructive and responsible approach to the deployment of EULEX mission in Kosovo .
We all know that this is not the case .
We can hope that the next International Labour conference will not be considered unacceptable by unacceptable speeches that represent the <UNK> of hatred and racism .
It is important that this should be taken up as a debate on the policy in the European Parliament and in the Council .
So this symbolic gesture is of crucial importance .
As far as Haiti is strange , we are the only participating in building road infrastructure .
Above all , however , I would like to thank the Commissioner Špidla for having spoken on the German German , and I would like to express my sincere congratulations to Commissioner Kroes .
In recent years , 75 % of terrorist attacks were committed against Christians .
The Spanish Presidency has fought over these last few months , but it has failed to <UNK> the border and now we have a new Presidency that has been absent last Thursday shows , but rather not a long time .
Politicians are responsible for establishing these rules and we must not avoid this task .
At the same time , we must think about creating a genuine transatlantic transatlantic authority between us and the United States .
In order to ensure a high level of consumer protection , as well as legal certainty for producers , we urgently need a definition of the proposed definition of a horizontal scope , we are not only applicable to novel foods , but also to the food produced in food , and to the directives on the import textile products , and to the recasting of the market at present at present stage at present stage at present .
These are politicians who can never have confidence so , Commissioner Rehn , how do you believe that Dutch taxpayers will not be <UNK> back in a terrible way ?
The cost of operations would only be sufficient to the proper functioning of thousands of schools .
The next area is the most advanced treatment of regions that are between 1 and Objective 2 .
The workforce can then be governed by one hand in another , companies can have confidence in contracts , and consumers can be sure that the value of a product or service is real and was identified in a transparent manner .
They must be able to stabilise sustainability , but above all , the assessment of the economy of this country , to assess the employment change in the data , to assess the extent of innovation in small-scale fisheries and assess the use of these resources .
Macro-financial macro-financial assistance to Georgia (
We should also play their part in the long term when we work to tackle the situation in North Africa , but we also have other instruments that are not used .
Despite the fact that the report appears to be more balanced than in its original form , it still is in line with the Commission Green Paper entitled <UNK> labour law ' and it is still a strange tool that flexibility is and must be a fundamental means of the economy .
Moreover , the problem of pollution should not be seen as part of this issue .
New measures will make it possible to help European citizens and businesses to exercise their rights , particularly in the recognition of recognition or social benefits , as well as compensation for residence .
The role of Eurojust is not clearly defined .
Regarding the question that should you collect charges , I believe that subsidiarity continues to be the best option , as ultimately pay not the Member States , but citizens .
The EU Multiannual Financial Framework is an opportunity to make a strategic choice for the future .
I hope that this will be achieved by investing in research .
There is , however , another argument .
Fourthly , there were also the so-called <UNK> difficulties at national level .
Mr President , I would like to thank you or another extent , to all the participation of the debate on the support that the EU has given its very important work on climate negotiations .
I therefore propose that we examine whether it will be possible for agencies and airlines that have been used to countries with dangerous airlines or <UNK> , to make sure that they themselves are not content themselves in a list of the blacklist .
I would also like to add that economic , social and territorial cohesion policy at the European Union level has been underestimated , as regards the priorities of the Union .
We have been told from the industry that it is not only the fact that the report by the Committee on the Environment provides much more clarity for what is expected to be expected , but also the fairer and more effective sharing of responsibility between the various parts of the supply chain , which I have just described as far as I have described .
The performance of the list of economic growth of the European Union 's economic growth , social and combating poverty is also important for Europe , because their achievement will help to ensure the economic independence of the European Union .
Can anyone explain to what these were visits to Moscow and Bulgaria ?
In my opinion , the European Parliament must support the best possible conditions for mothers and children .
As has already been mentioned , Member States have been made by the Treaty of Lisbon on the cooperation of the European Parliamentary powers to offer initiatives in criminal justice , and the lack of progress made in terms of procedural rights since 2004 was partly resolved with the road map first set up by the Swedish Presidency .
I dare say that none of the members of the committee do not support any kind of <UNK> behaviour ' in my opinion .
In fact , there can be a very strong incentive to anyone want to <UNK> <UNK> ' , but this should be detrimental to any possible way ; otherwise the costs that our industrial system will now start paying - and pay for a willingness to obtain results - will be kept legally .
We will then be strong enough to offer work and others .
This was supported by the representatives of the German People 's Party in the European Parliament .
Let us discuss real violations , those which have already been implemented .
What is important for protecting forests in Cameroon is , first of all , the fight against corruption - both at the level of administrative level and when it comes to private <UNK> , the continuation of effective judicial proceedings and , of course , sustainable practices in the sector .
They are also present in the list of measures that can be adopted by the Commission for intelligent transport systems in the directive .
Why ?
I would like to emphasise that , in my opinion , the Commission and the Commissioner have been whether they are extremely good and constructive contributions to this issue .
I have one message of you on every one of you .
The report acknowledges that the free market and individuals of Europe are vital to the recovery process and that is precisely the basis of this British Conservatives support .
However , is this change , Mr Barroso ?
The last thing I would like to say is that , in the case of the maritime aid services , and Belgian bodies , according to the latest data , were the Belgian authorities .
We expect the right of all Member States to ensure control and transparency , but we expect this from our own institutions , and the Council is also responsible for what happens or not happening in the Member States .
Mr President , Mrs Malmström , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to express my condolences to the victims of the Liberal Party , both on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , and on behalf of the <UNK> of the <UNK> of the <UNK> police , which I have met last week , to talk about the situation , along with other things , to discuss the situation in other words , the situation of Guinea , the DTP , which is a party , is unfortunately , a party , which is directly affected by the International party , which is directly affected by the International party , which is directly affected by the International party , is directly affected by the International party to the International party , which is directly affected Party , which is directly and the International party , which is directly and the International party , which is directly affected by the International party .
It would be good to introduce even more requirements for the interpreters , because what is the benefit of the translation if we can not guarantee quality of the quality ?
I would be grateful for this , particularly in the light of China 's troops .
I am very sorry that the two institutions have not succeeded in finding a common language .
I believe that , in this way , the European Parliament , the Commission and the Czech Presidency would find out that , in its way , the crisis in its unprecedented crisis , European institutions have been extremely <UNK> .
I am extremely critical of such support for the budget .
The item is closed .
However , without considering the overall support for the European Police Office , with the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and its impact on the rapporteur and its colleagues in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , believe that the measures should not be adhered to the implementation of Europol 's decision until such measures are adopted , while the adoption of such a new legal framework in the Treaty of Lisbon .
It will not , therefore , be a way of preventing human trafficking without being prevented the industry .
( HU ) According to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , all the fundamental freedoms are available to all citizens and freedoms , and the protection of the law , and should be protected without any discrimination , in particular , on the grounds of race , race , race , race or ethnic origin , political beliefs or ethnic beliefs , or any other national beliefs .
It is also a very bad sign that we are sending to non-EU countries , from which we demand that we are demanding those conventions .
( EL ) Mr President , you said that they have started talks between Frontex and Turkey and the Commission and the Commission report on them .
The European Roma strategy for the Roma 's Roma is a very important issue .
I hope that , in using the same methods , this will be achieved , for the rapid creation of shale gas in a time where there are countries that wish to provide their resources for the project .
Only then can we build a social and stable Europe , the Europe that the citizens of the EU expect and I am happy to accept .
In order to maintain confidence in the systems of each country , the agreement provides for joint inspections , exchange of data exchange , exchange of data exchange and information in connection with accidents ) , as well as enhanced cooperation at technical level to be consulted before the issues are in dispute .
In addition , we are now obviously faced with a <UNK> fight for power .
We sometimes have been doing , but sometimes we are not doing , not because things are not in our hands , but in their hands .
They are interested in purely financial transactions .
While I understand the need for exceptional measures caused by the economic crisis , I have been alarmed since the speed of changes and the way in which some Member States are trying to impose the remaining decisions .
Canada has only spent the dollar of the population for the Arctic subsidies , compared to 1 200 per year , the ship for Australia and the US .
( NL ) I would like to say my previous thanks to the Commissioner for the answers he has given a number of specific questions .
So what I have to say is that we must do everything we can to do everything - the Commission and we must ensure that research projects will be implemented with a high quality capacity to regulate the budget .
<UNK> ' can be used to stabilise the position of the financial institutions ' financial market institutions .
At the same time , the European Union should actively help those boats who are at risk of becoming a safe state .
It is an ongoing investigation into which the company has been fully informed .
I therefore hope that the government will endeavour to obtain funding and that financial resources will set up at local level to create added value for citizens and thus reduce energy poverty .
I also hope , of course , the general opinion that the Roma 's attitude should be correct , but most of the problems mentioned in this report can be the way of life of life , which these people have chosen .
No , it is not .
In the last few weeks , at the end of the Hungarian Presidency , many criticisms have been made towards Hungarians and very often these criticisms were unfounded and very often left .
This is a good report which is particularly important in the current economic crisis that imposes active measures aimed at the labour market , which will ensure that most vulnerable people do not remain competitive outside the labour market .
We need a coherent coordination structure between EU institutions and agencies , as well as those in the Member States and international partners .
I also talked about Iraq , where six years after the dictator of the world 's rich Roma communities in the world are being persecuted , the persecution and murdered .
I agree with the common visa policy , which facilitates visa-free travel and introduces measures aimed at facilitating the process of application and issuing visa applications ( reduced ) , simplified procedures for issuing visas , the use of multiple-entry visas ) .
The ball is in its country 's country 's country and must use these days in order to achieve intelligent and credible agreement .
Article 290 of the Treaty of Lisbon allows Parliament to submit or withdraw the amendments or the Commission legislative acts .
This agreement reflects the European Union 's commitment to this region of the world and sends a strong political signal to the countries in it .
That is why I believe this probably justifies the systematic and better interinstitutional cooperation with the European Parliament .
author . - Mr President , we have now <UNK> and asked whether he is sufficiently broad and enough to sell the <UNK> .
on behalf of the ECR Group . - Madam President , I have to say that , as the European Council appears to do , some dangerous changes and we must be concerned about this .
The proposals have been nine proposals for the appointment of the macro-region , but I do not know where I know where they find themselves .
The number of workers made redundant as a result of the so-called restructuring restructuring restructuring ' has significantly developed the initial forecasts of the Commission 's initial forecasts which would like to benefit from the fund .
The European Union should have intervened and use all available means to help people with poor working conditions , particularly by marginalised communities that have been denied access to ERDF .
The debate is closed .
I congratulate you on your election President of the European Parliament .
The three European citizens who were held hostage in Darfur for several months are released , but we know that the situation in Darfur is in Darfur .
We have been aware , on the one hand , that airlines in future , will be able to receive information about what they will apply to them , to the airports of these charges , whether they are too high - which is still happening in individual places - and by the next step , that passengers will also understand what they are required to do .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
I am very happy that my amendments have been tabled in this regard .
The package will consist first , first of a communication on a global external strategy regarding PNR data , including a set of common requirements that must be adhered to PNR data with each third country ; second , two points for the PNR and the renegotiation of the PNR agreement with the US and the negotiating framework agreement with Canada ; and the Commission , thirdly , the proposal for a new data on the basis of the EU 's impact assessment .
The European Medicines Agency still has difficulty to go down things , although there are already a few years .
On Thursday and Friday this week , a conference will take place on the matter organised by the Czech Presidency and I am sure that the most interesting and interesting discussion will be given to the labelling .
I believe that sexual violence is a brutal war .
To my mind , Madam President , when the question was before the Committee on Employment , no one has spoken about what means <UNK> , until I have tried to explain them , even the Presidency .
I therefore hope that Parliament 's decision will be strengthened and will serve as a stimulus and the level of attitudes in this matter will significantly improve not in the very distant future .
More than anything , I was surprised by the original budget , which has proposed a Secretary-General proposing , which proposed an increase of over 5 % , but I still surprise me the fact that he has not been here today .
You will therefore see that , in 2009 , our credit increases is increasing in the new Member States than in the old Member States .
The European Parliament is now beginning to talk about one of its Member States .
The Commission proposal provides for a period of five years .
The proposal sets out specific requirements in order to ensure the creation of Member States in a national regulatory framework and a framework for the establishment of appropriate national spent on spent fuel and radioactive waste management programmes - their products to produce them .
Among other things , I think that the creation of the Committee and the Network for technologies is extremely important .
Immigration and border controls are currently one of the most pressing challenges facing the European Union , which is very often trying to hide the idea that the protection of borders and preventing immigration are tasks with which Europe must deal with .
We pay attention to a large number of issues that I am - the Council will consider the accession negotiations and do everything possible to solve them .
This issue should also take into account in the future .
As such agreements are made , further <UNK> will be made .
We can not turn our eyes of human rights violations and , in accordance with the resolution of the European Parliament resolution of 10 February 2010 , I would suggest that we take measures to support them in favour of their temporary asylum .
In short , what is the sun for Spain , such as Spain , is also a turning to the southern coast of Ireland .
The vote opens up yet another energy saving of food , which is not backed by stable scientific evidence .
This will help to greater exchanges and cooperation between the EU and third countries .
It is true that this affects many thousands of Spanish citizens and ordinary people choose forced to make Spain their own home .
We must also provide support from developing countries like China .
This is an important question : it is part of the agreement .
This goes beyond 50 amendments , defined in Article <UNK> , and why I have been the most successful texts in the competent committee .
Your only response is that you would have liked to keep this mistake , although you have been congratulated about everything , and you have been pushing by the European Union and to <UNK> powers through greater control of national budgets and as a result of the people in Europe 's unprecedented policy .
The crisis is not a luxury .
The G20 has achieved the following significant results :
I believe that , thanks to the amendments that were put forward by the three political groups in this House , we have managed to find a real solution to this problem that has been found by the most serious legal acts in the European Union , which represents a compromise between the various legal situations in the Member States and also gives its contribution to the protection of employees ' rights and employees .
Issues such as improving the implementation and link between biodiversity and climate change require special attention .
The vast majority of votes - 54 by the overwhelming majority of 80 - were in favour of the treaty , including the <UNK> of the Palestinian Democratic People 's Republic of the Palestinian Party ( the party , which President Klaus ) , shows that in the Czech Republic , there is a feeling that there is a great feeling of a lot of responsibility for the EU and for the EU , and for the integration of the integration process of integration process in the integration process .
The European Union therefore recognised that it has been more difficult to deal with the consequences of the crisis than on the other major economic centres such as the United States , China and India .
Yes , we need it at a time when part of the banking sector show that they work against common interests are not working on their own credit to provide society .
However , we already know all this .
That is why we have tabled amendments tabled with the unanimous approval of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to thank my fellow Members who helped to find a report according to the Commission communication , in order to agree with their willingness and to the fact that we did not get around a <UNK> solution , but around a <UNK> agreement .
This is an institution that is working under the leadership of the Tibetan Government in exile and aims to assist dialogue .
What I have been advocating was , however , however , that once again , it was a focus on fear of the fear of promoting medical tourism .
When we began the work on this report , the need for long-term investments has already been evident in the European Union .
Firstly , we must ensure that the emergency situation does not continue to be made even more attractive , and therefore to make it clear that everyone who decide on Europe is not obliged to tighten employees .
The vote will take place during the first part-session in February .
Many benefits of regional food products : lower transport costs and lower risk of food .
This situation is also being abused and young workers forced to be forced to close temporary positions or are exploited during a series of preparatory traineeships .
The Commission does not give the rules that exist , which cover our national systems , and our model , I repeat , is based on the information available and existing assessments .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report is vital for the future of the European project , which must include solidarity and ambitious objectives , particularly in view of the budgetary crises that Member States are struggling .
There is concern that the presentation of the project and before the Libyan society organised and does not meet the main issues .
The fact that most errors are caused by the Court of Auditors and the Commission in projects and payments taken by Member States , shows where much efforts are needed , and then it is necessary , because the shared management of European funds .
The resolution adopted today takes into account the fact that fisheries management must be based on the size and , just , scientific knowledge of stocks .
We have already been involved in favour and speeding up negotiations on the free trade agreement between the EU and the Gulf States .
For this reason , Parliament , the Commission and the Council agreed to pursue this objective .
The European Neighbourhood Policy ( ENP ) has proved to be a vital tool of foreign policy , the strengthening of relations with third countries , which has certain real benefits .
In my opinion , a very clear and more transparent solution to this issue , which clearly says that , in the next revision of the interim Partnership Agreement , the rules on the origin of origin will be abolished .
In relation to the energy of renewable energy sources , I would like to express my thanks to Parliament , which has supported the recovery plan and to express my confidence in the future of wind energy from the sea .
This obviously applies to the proposal to introduce automatic exchange of tax information both within the European Union and at international level .
This is a key aspect of flexibility that I have asked to ask and draw up the EPA to replace a purely commercial regime with another , which <UNK> regional solutions to regional needs without undermining the solidarity of the ACP .
Parliament and the Council have adopted this principle in the regulations for creating organs , and in particular , in Articles 42 , 46 , 46 49 and 52 52 , which mentioned the Swedish Minister mentioned a little ago .
Bosnia and Herzegovina ( vote )
It is clear that the law concerns the European Union 's fundamental rules and values which is a community based on the rule of law .
That is why our group calls on the rules not to be so strict .
What I do is of great importance is to use the resources to increase energy efficiency in our buildings .
The Commission is very concerned about the high level of <UNK> and illegal trade in the ivory trade that is seen recently .
However , in this situation of the car industry , given that cars are not sold into the debate with the Council , it has become clear that 12 months has actually been set up and we should have taken into account the serious environmental impact of the tyre , which are still in excellent .
For this reason , it is in progress and Turkey is a candidate country status .
( FR ) Mr President , Taiwan has been <UNK> following the terrible disaster without precedent in the country for 50 years .
There should be no breaches , because this would be unfair to others , often very rich producers and poorer producers .
These people must pay unfairly off the <UNK> of lawyers and other experts to protect themselves in court who knows what chance of success .
The resolution therefore helps not help tackle the problem , nor to strengthen stability and peace in the area .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149 ( 8 ) )
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to make one comment that will , in some extent , come back to me , I would like to see you like .
If we do not have a good democratic democratic institutions , things can be taken seriously .
At a time when almost 25 million Europeans have been registered as unemployed , it was once again proposed a directive aimed at facilitating immigration people seeking work .
We need an interim agreement between the European Union and the US authorities so that the US authorities can continue to analyse data between European countries on the territory of the Netherlands .
The vote will take place on Wednesday , 6 May 2009 .
Similarly , the accession of the European Union can not affect any positions of individual Member States in respect of the European Court of Human Rights nor the protocols and reserves .
Everything is good when you are doing well .
If this is not feasible , because it requires unanimous decision , then you have to tell what the process has been said .
( DE ) Madam President , as the very pro-European supporter of the European idea , I was against the Treaty of Lisbon , precisely because it opens the way we have heard about the arguments that we heard a little ago , and because it did not create prospects for future generations and the <UNK> that I very much wish .
I would like to emphasise this once again .
I believe that this is the main issue of the new application : society will have confidence and feels safe in safety .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , the criteria of Article 290 can not be subject to political transactions or special agreements .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
I think our contribution will play a great role here .
I would like to highlight the joint approach of this joint approach , which reflects a statement .
In times of economic downturn , we must support our industries with the creative activity and the artists contributing to our GDP , employment , growth and global exports .
For me , this has become clear two weeks ago , when the volcanic ash came .
It is true that the UN system is complicated and that a G20 , where the G20 is of the utmost importance , but there are opportunities for large advertising , is very simple .
This is a quotation of President Klaus and this is probably the only one that I agree with him that the volcanic ash has already been rapidly and has been so long and that it will not be possible to stop it or back .
The transport policy of transport of transport of Member States involves a sustainable and more flexible transport policy for the future of the European Union every Sunday , while doing everything possible to prevent such a policy making .
Have you prepared cooperation with the violations of competition rules in relation to third countries ?
I believe that the European system of responsibility for the lack of compliance with the lack of consumer protection must be restored , so that consumer protection and confidence in the markets is improved , in which to increase the cycle of products .
I am sure that the Commission will say more on this issue .
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and the two institutions , the agreement need officially partially to replace the costs that replace the current <UNK> agreement ' .
Currently , waste electrical and electronic equipment represents the fastest-growing waste stream of waste in the European Union .
We now have a deficit , because we consistently have a <UNK> burden on capital and the most advanced conditions for the increasingly competitive distribution of wealth .
Patients who in other Member States will have access to health services that do not exist in their countries due to certain natural conditions , will also benefit from this .
The action plan of the Stockholm must reflect these needs to be reflected in terms of mobility , labour rights , the needs of businesses and equal opportunities , among other things , encouraging legal certainty and access to rapid and effective justice .
( NL ) Mr President , there is a <UNK> exhibition of the exhibition of tar sands in Canada .
My third question is : what are the consequences ?
The conclusion is therefore : State aid must be maintained , because it helps to boost the competitiveness of European maritime transport and the economy of the Member States .
This is not the job of the European Parliament .
We also consider it important to unblock Croatia 's accession talks .
Mr Verheugen , it is not yet late to act .
The repression of arrests of arrests who are being arrested , which are clearly nothing else , except that they are the right to express their opinions .
The resolution also calls for even stronger EULEX presence in Kosovo .
I assume that everyone is going to do so in this House .
As you all know , our cooperation with Tajikistan still be governed by the trade agreement and cooperation concluded with the USSR in 1989 and confirmed by Tajikistan in Tajikistan .
As regards diversification , it must cover not only the types of energy , but also suppliers .
Then the agreement has been quite deliberately <UNK> , but it is fair to say that it has lost their viability and today .
I fully support the introduction of a real tax ' .
Therefore , the Greek Government does not need to make a request for financial support , although we will continue to follow the situation closely .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
The Treaties must be amended .
Once again , small farms have suffered most of the crisis .
Well , in our resolution we will adopt tomorrow , there are a number of proposals .
According to Article 4 ( 2 ) of the accession Act , the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen acquis , the necessary condition for abolishing controls on internal borders with these countries is that the Schengen requirements are met .
The European Parliament is clear for clear European regulations .
We have talked about some of these problematic issues today .
We believe that the only solution to the problems of corruption and organised crime is the implementation of the new laws and regulations .
I know from the talks I am delighted that , of course , it is possible - if you want to <UNK> away from these elements .
There is now a legal basis for the accession of accession in reality .
Since the deployment of energy production of renewable energy is really one of the Europe 2020 objectives , I think that in the forthcoming period , we will definitely have a higher budget in this area , including on regional policy agenda .
A legally binding agreement on climate policy would be worded and more closely equipped in areas such as : quantitative targets for reducing emissions in industrialised countries for 2020 and then , in particular , specific emission targets for countries and , after financial aid , developing countries and development aid to developing countries and to their development rules .
We will now be able to call them further <UNK> wine for wine produced in a civilised way because our Spanish friends must sell their wine from wine , as they are not <UNK> .
I am grateful to the Commission for having taken this position .
However , the fragmentation of the <UNK> is currently decreasing .
Common system of tax on added value in relation to the issuing of the safeguard (
Do you not believe that it is realistic to expect electric cars to be felt in Europe to <UNK> ?
Where is there a place for the left to nuclear power ?
Our voters have the right to know that we are very serious and do not accept the decisions of the Council .
Even the <UNK> treaty can not decide on itself to solve many of the problems .
For these reasons , I think that this resolution represents the necessary first step in which people in Japan ensure that the entire humanitarian , technical and financial support they will need in the coming months and years .
It must be borne in mind that new rights should not be restricted to other freedoms .
These funds must be allocated to education , health and building institutional capacity .
This is the case in Spain , as many other examples have said in this House , which have nothing to do with this subject , have so much concern about the debate .
South Asia is faced with a stop to a daily basis , whether it is a question of the <UNK> in <UNK> or on the streets , <UNK> and <UNK> .
The Commission has come forward with a report on the use of mobile phones in managing the vehicle .
30 000 people have died and , of course , we all know from this .
This military solution is fraught with problems .
The idea of providing basic social services for persons seeking asylum seekers at the same time as a high level of social security as citizens ' citizens , is more complex and more transparent .
The construction sector is one of the largest industries in Europe , which meets 10 % of GDP and <UNK> % of gross capital .
It should be noted that the report is drawn up on the basis of the previous experience within the EU in terms of the functioning of the Economic and Monetary Union , which establishes the need for a framework for economic governance , as proposed in this report .
During the programming period , the waste management projects was allocated to EUR 140 million of EUR 140 million , 50 % of the ERDF .
The agreement will improve considerably both connections and between the relevant markets , and will create new opportunities for aviation sector by gradually reducing the rules for foreign ownership .
Too many bus and coach transport operators are taking place in Ireland in Ireland .
Explanations of vote
The problems with the Stability and Growth Pact are not due to the lack of compliance or rapid reduction in the annual deficit sector by the Maastricht objective of 3 % .
Moreover , I am against any increase in staff ' staff and , if further evaluation is decided , that a further EUR 1 500 per month should be allocated to the secretariat for the secretariat , this will be tied to taxpayers .
I urge the Commission not to stop considering the link between high food prices and the rising price at energy prices , particularly the fuel they are used .
I call on during the June Council to decide once and to make sure that the workers , namely , that the workers , and not politicians , must choose their working time .
The rules for eligibility , procurement procedures and the utilisation of absorption are no longer a European problem .
It is therefore necessary , regardless of the verification of the test evidence that the standards are available and if they are , then they will not be allowed to limit this principle , not all the European Union and , hopefully , hopefully in the world and in order to achieve the free movement of professionals .
It is also a fact that if we want a easy way to reduce CO2 , we must focus not focus on the <UNK> or the <UNK> industry , but rather to the energy sector .
In this context , we need to proceed to the thorough evaluation of the rescue package and the effectiveness of State aid measures .
Mr President , in my vote , it seems to me that paragraph 36 is a <UNK> and therefore wonder whether we had to vote on it .
The economic and social crisis in the country is increasing to unprecedented levels , which is due to the way in which members of the European Union and of the transfer of national level , the most effective measures that are <UNK> by them : the <UNK> policies that increase workers , the exploitation of workers , the inequalities , the exploitation of unemployment and the insecurity of jobs and the loss of poverty .
in writing . - ( CS ) I supported this report , as I believe that the common agricultural policy of the European Union must continue to be a common agricultural policy and that there should not be a single pipeline in the future .
Yes , we would all like to respond to energy demand mainly through renewable sources .
You are not convinced of the argument that trade preferences can be used to promote prosperity and to fight against the <UNK> .
( The sitting was suspended at <UNK> and resumed at <UNK> p.m . )
I believe that these are important steps in the direction of equality .
Finally , energy efficiency will not create quality jobs unless a genuine strategic EU nuclear initiative is built from the limits of the free market .
We are counting on action in Brussels without being given a view to a national level , reducing the efficiency .
It is not about all international <UNK> that are at a time between three weeks and three months and which are not primarily a fundamental nature .
We are directly focusing on the method of fuel profits , as proposed does not mean , it does not necessarily mean that we will receive a thorough response .
This concept has never been defined by the World Health Organization or in the Community acquis .
We have the ordinary legislative procedure and the Treaty of Lisbon , and I therefore believe that we should all take advantage of them to achieve the objectives .
However , we have completely moved forward to this particular scandal .
It is already working time and we have nothing but we do not have anything , and I do not know that we will soon have some result , otherwise there is nothing else , but we will take further action in the foreseeable future .
That is why it is actually happens , nothing else , and I would like to ask those who have absolutely <UNK> amendments to withdraw them , as they are the contributions to this Parliament .
I thank all of you , which you and the Swedish Presidency have been going through these six months .
Therefore , the speed that every country is progressing to its path to membership of the European Union is determined by the candidate country itself or potential candidate .
In addition , more money from the European Union budget must be provided .
Mr President , on behalf of the Commission , and in particular , of her Vice-President Reding , I would like to thank the rapporteur for this valuable report , which analyses several key aspects regarding the impact of the accident and the behaviour of consumers .
Mr President , the ECR Group supported the original agreement on SWIFT Council and their operations on the traceability of the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program in compliance with compliance with certain financial reports , of course , certain safeguards .
Given the fact that the EU must guarantee its food security and long-term development of agricultural sectors , in agriculture , significant changes must be made to safeguard productivity at a time when it must adapt to environmental restrictions that are currently in force .
The European Union 's multiannual budgetary framework is thus being done in such a way that it is becoming increasingly difficult during the <UNK> period , especially in the field of agriculture .
I firmly support the technical measure to facilitate the organisation of international sports .
After this letter , in August 2008 , I wrote me that the <UNK> of justice was finally carried out in an independent investigation and that I will continue to inform me about its results .
Without European support for national efforts , not only in the field of prevention and treatment , but also in coordination of research , the promotion of best practice , the promotion of best practice and adequate funding for the pharmaceutical industry , which will not be able to support the independence and dignity of people who suffer from their social and social relations , including their social relations .
Mr President , just a few words in the morning of many interesting debates , for which I thank everyone 's speakers .
In these conditions , this means that we must unite and consider all these procedures in terms of the control of the control expenditure .
The rapporteur is , however , aware that the Greens have tabled their own amendments which provide for modernisation between the <UNK> of Munich and the Munich Munich in Munich , but the rapporteur says that we are doing through this report , which provides for a report on the basis of things in the text and not its original text .
It is also important not to ignore the positive impact of the bio-waste management of bio-waste , namely the impact on the functioning of the internal market , on the future of agriculture through the protection and restoration of soil and promoting energy from renewable sources .
Regarding financing - properly implemented , it will have to be in the next financial perspective .
( EL ) Mr President , it seems to be in the proposals that the United States ' Secretary-General has made to Israel during its visit to the visit , and to stop the construction and expansion of the West in the West Bank , to open up and stop the Palestinians of the Palestinians and the Palestinians to stop the Gaza Strip in Gaza , and to suspend the necessary gas pipeline for the <UNK> of the <UNK> .
I hope that this time will take advantage of the lessons we can learn from this process and do really work hard to create a lot of growth , both at European and national level .
Work for this period was long overdue and <UNK> and Parliament knows this very well .
This is a structural problem , widespread in all areas , countries and continents .
This implies the need to make greater efforts to reduce the risk of disasters and to provide support - apart from the specific assistance - to support communities in connection with the preparation of disaster .
The agreement reached between the European Parliament and the European Council will allow the implementation of the interim budget - something that could have been reflected in the European cohesion and agricultural policy .
It should therefore be ensured that multilateral and development policies will enable effective development .
The vote will take place tomorrow .
However , it is more important that we are aware of our partnership with the EIB and with the European Union in implementing our commitments both to our shareholders and to the countries where we work .
All Member States are looking for ways of the budget .
In my opinion , the European Union is really making its objectives and now decide on solutions to their citizens .
However , I think that is wrong .
It is not required to be a justification for air transport security .
This will not only benefit the environment , but will also help to preserve local jobs .
In order to achieve this , we must focus on Member States so that , as Spain has done , in addition to the transposition of the framework decision of the Council - we can develop and implement action plans for participation in groups involving active awareness and social inclusion , without compromising international cooperation on international cooperation .
Overall , the ratification process of the ratification process too often seem to appear like a <UNK> or a <UNK> victory .
To take a young woman who died the French , the English , school or fruit , and , after it is <UNK> , with its <UNK> , must be <UNK> by reality and forced to cause it , which will challenge it at the end of her life .
It is important that this programme continues to keep its money fully .
I therefore support the adoption of this agreement not only because it seems fair but also because it is the end of a few cases of the few cases of discrimination that still exists between the people of the EU .
Are we <UNK> away from women and mothers in Europe and in the world , there are no other problems ?
( GA ) Madam President , thank you for giving me the opportunity to say a few words on this important international issue .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate the Czech Presidency on its initiative to come forward with the Eastern Partnership proposal , which will very soon be presented , and I would like to call on the governments of Member States to engage fully with this initiative .
Gordon Brown have been given a strong speech .
This will not , of course , be solved without problems .
The data protection are not covered by the agreement ; most of the <UNK> are not affected .
Transfers of appropriations : see Minutes
With this system , more personal data can be collected and for reasons that are subject to interpretation .
The reform process for the reform of the Agency , which is still in progress , requires a more intense discussion , so the mandate of the Agency , which expires on 13 March 2010 , should be extended .
Another important element of the common asylum system is the so-called external dimension ' .
We must therefore be sure that the <UNK> of Cameroon , from the Republic of Congo or which , as a third country , is a third country which is accused , and the fragmentation of the market legally and in compliance with local communities and the legislation on forest management .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , in its way of opening up the European Neighbourhood Policy , for the southern neighbourhood policy in the southern Mediterranean , you mentioned for the possible purpose .
I think I can be brief , as all the essential questions have already been addressed .
However , the problem also has a second dimension .
In the European Union officials , the EU 's officials have provided for <UNK> procedures applicable to this obligation .
In addition , metals migrants can lead to a serious pollution of air pollution .
The European Union has shown good will , such as the Canadian visa sanctions against the officials from Belarus .
In essence , the relationship between two components of civil society groups - legal bases and historical memory - is entirely the most successful <UNK> of the Ukrainian human rights community and probably also from the Russian society as a whole .
There is a real problem of <UNK> .
We in Europe have been <UNK> of regulation and supervision of the financial markets .
This <UNK> level is 300 000 tonnes .
We must take into account the different conditions everywhere in the European Union .
This is the picture that the report will be published tomorrow on the Member States of the European Union .
The rule of Auditors , <UNK> your rule , in other words , the automatic exchange of fiscal exchanges , banking and financial information will inevitably result in a <UNK> of data .
Mr President , Canada is one of the oldest and most powerful partners of the European Union .
The people must be given resources to improve and increase their qualifications .
The draft budget presented to the size of the special customs regime , which is regulated by the Paris Convention .
However , I think we share a common goal - to help the market function properly .
If it is faced with a long time ago , however , a country 's own country in their own country must not , however , be forced to travel , where they will receive faster , and perhaps a higher quality healthcare service .
So you have taken your lead and we ask you to introduce a permanent , transparent procedure for the trade agreement on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) and to ensure that the European Parliament and citizens are informed and informed of Parliament are regularly informed and informed about the progress of the negotiations , while respecting the progress that we have just been consulted .
The Commission 's role in its role as guardian of the treaties has an obligation to monitor such as such .
The vote will take place shortly .
This decision is guided by the need for a clean agriculture and helping to combat climate change .
The work done by Parliament through the <UNK> group in particular was undoubtedly one of the most important <UNK> approach on the strategy .
I welcome your proposals , but not the biggest problem .
The fact that prior to the prior system for the ending such a number of obstacles is difficult to understand , as well as the lack of sufficient control by public authorities , in addition to security systems , which are required and applied to avoid risk management and , ultimately , in the specific risk of pollution , with particular , in particular , are being used to the pollution of the outermost regions and/or .
It is true that today we are <UNK> out of another rapporteur , but I will say to a few words , to point out something that has already been contained in the Committee on Budgets , namely that it is important to think always about savings and whether costs are carried out and are carried out .
So let us not start by the accusations that only because of Brussels has privatisation .
Another achievement of this legislative period is that the role of Parliament 's role is no longer restricted to only the President of the President .
New proposals provide Member States with the possibility of determining who falls and who does not in scope of the directive on persons travelling on transport activities in road transport .
As I said , this is an important step , but not the last one .
I therefore believe that the recommendation that we have today come to the Commission from Parliament to review the crisis in the near future of the impact on air traffic and review in this context is the best method of Directive <UNK> , which we can offer in these uncertain times .
( HU ) Mr President , I am not speaking as a member of this House or as a <UNK> in the vicinity of <UNK> , I would just like to warn out all that the <UNK> is not only economic or cultural heritage , but is also among the main cultural heritage of our heritage .
We must be allowed to do so and the Commissioner without doubt that this should be the case .
on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( NL ) I would like to thank the rapporteurs on behalf of our group .
By allowing the <UNK> of the official trade , the trade has been allowed access to the markets .
My aim today is to assure you that the Commission has undertaken with the work done by taking into account all the policies that can have a impact on the reform of the common fisheries policy .
At present , initiatives that are really targeted at ordinary people could be successful even not follow the spirit of the European digital agenda .
At present , we have no information on this case in the case of which we need much .
<UNK> can leave a difference of individual , criminal acts of torture , often also have been organised and organised crime , which usually usually seek to seek .
We must face this problem and solve it .
Questions which we are facing are consolidation or monopoly in transit and , lack of a single single market and particularly the vulnerability of the Eastern borders of the Union .
Moreover , the European Union is based on the systematic values that include the suffering of all forms of discrimination , and I will work towards putting this value throughout its entire term .
Secondly , there is an initiative that goes beyond this simply to use GDP in preparation for the Structural Funds , including the <UNK> of <UNK> as a measure in income - where there is a situation .
There is no doubt that the geographical location generated by the markets and other similar factors create a number of difficulties .
That is why I abstained from voting .
It is obvious that if the ECB had not been able to put this liquidity in the introduction of such guarantees , which are actually quite a very strong , has probably been probably some of these financial institutions to overcome the fate .
Implementation of the European Development Fund (
Indeed , the European Parliament 's refusal to remove the Irish vote in the spirit of the Charter of the Charter .
This will apply particularly to the families of families .
Some measures are needed to achieve the goal of creating an internal market that is based on the free movement between Member States .
According to the Hungarian authorities , Hungarian information provided a high concentration of heavy metals and therefore does not contain dangerous waste .
What do we do in Europe ?
<UNK> should be offered and provided with the public through a single place .
I have heard a lot of discussion and I do not know whether the idea will have success - whether the parliament will vote in favour of our proposal .
On the one hand , this is a risk for EU health health , because the conditions of production of food production are not clear , but on the other hand , the treatment of European agriculture is unfair because EU production standards and production standards are not being applied by Mercosur countries .
The path to creating conditions needed for peaceful coexistence , which is going through the European Union and supporting the visa-free regime , make its private contribution to achieving this objective .
I am firmly opposed to creating new agencies .
These are obvious facts and they require , they promote the implementation of a global strategy .
And that year , this year in the budget , there is a new position , the Baltic Sea Strategy , and I hope that the Commission and the Commission will start together with appropriate projects and find appropriate means of appropriate measures .
I voted for this report because it outlines the proposals that provide concrete measures for promoting the corporate social responsibility within the European Union 's trade policy .
The other constitutional structures in the Czech Republic will also find ways to overcome such an illegal blockade .
Despite all the assurances provided by the collection of countries , it was not used .
We have told us that the aim of the European Arrest Warrant is to help in combating terrorism - and we all know that it has become much more than that .
However , we know that Greece will not lose sight of the euro area .
We would like to point out that we voted against these proposals and we regret the fact that they were <UNK> .
Therefore , my report calls on the European Commission to work with Member States to make the map of the European regions in Europe more competitive and to develop a strategy for increasing their protection .
I believe that we can tackle globalisation not by strength but with inspiration .
No , the right method has been the right method .
This year the Council has done everything possible to prevent our work as a result .
We must take a larger number of women to start working as self-employed and thus further in this regard , marks a step in the right direction .
This is good news for the credibility of meat in the EU and in all areas all areas is good work .
There is a massive use of chemicals in agriculture , which harms our food and the environment and farmers are forced to pay a high price for these industrial products .
2009 discharge : <UNK> , European Development Fund (
I am very confident that , with their hard work and with the cooperation of the Czech Presidency , we are in a position to reach an agreement at first reading , which is very important .
We need a stronger Europe and of genuine cooperation with the United States in order to achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
I welcome this resolution calling for the opportunity to consider the possibility of coordinating international conventions at European level in respect of the international adoption of the adoption of the international adoption strategies , so as to improve support in the areas of information , the preparation of international adoptions , the preparation of services for inter-country services and adoption , given that all international adoption of the protection of the rights of child protection or child protection .
I believe it is a bad sign that two of the parties in the conflict - Morocco and Algeria - not its others - despite the <UNK> situation in Tunisia .
We expect a future package of proposals for creating a new financial supervisory structure in the European Union .
Food security can not be achieved without tackling two of the most important issues of the day : the price of market and prices , which are suffering from speculation on the markets ) and reducing food stocks .
The lesson we have learnt from the European Commission is the subject of this debate on discharge until the part of the European Investment Bank , which is currently being excluded from the discharge , and I would like to return to this later .
Firstly , we must also ask the Community national authorities strictly to apply the strict regulations .
These services must include healthcare and providing care , free time , transport and accessibility .
I am sure that most of you will share the rapporteur 's position and confirm the important improvements made in this agreement .
Let me express my disapproval and in relation to the fact that in paragraph 31 of the report , it is not to be adopted , the most ambitious social responsibility .
In my opinion , this is too good reason for the European Union not to sign the Convention .
All measures must be implemented in full compliance with international maritime law .
The fines of the budget is affected by various types of errors .
We consider all this and we will take it into account .
Finally , I will say that the Innovation Union can be a truly good instrument for resolving climate problems .
I take this opportunity to return to the first part of this issue and raise the subject of public procurement as a whole and the subject of the limited procedures for which many people claim or to <UNK> .
The European Union has already had a permanent President and High Representative for Foreign Affairs .
The document establishes a uniform procedure for the application of third-country nationals who wish to be allowed to work within a Member State to work there and be a secure legal status .
Europe is now in the midst of the economic crisis , but we must not allow it to block us and prevent us from preventing our ambitious goals in these areas .
This type of agreements will only be of existence when we can ensure that foreign companies no longer exploit local companies that have no professional expertise in the area of forestry and the environment and the Republic of Congo .
There must be objectivity and transparency in the distribution of money between Member States .
Public childcare facilities not only help women in their development development , but , in particular , they can develop the skills of children as members of society .
The debate is closed .
By implementing the codecision procedure , or what ?
Given the fact that a large amount of investments are already made available , it will be reasonable to recognise national differences in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity .
They must know that they have our solidarity .
However , we have still <UNK> hundreds of thousands of good intentions .
We know that in the next few months , the Commission intends to come forward with a proposal for a revised proposal for a Council 's position .
On climate change , I hear there is a common vision here for the active role that the European Union should play in Copenhagen and from now on .
It is important here to find a solution for dealing with this problem once and for all .
I also consider it so good and good proposal for the EIB to help to contribute to economic development and democratic changes in the Mediterranean region - especially in Tunisia and Egypt .
We can see how rapidly developing our economies are being taken , so we must focus on this area as much as possible .
Like you , and I support the Community method and the Treaty , which sets out clearly the division of responsibilities .
Mr Zapatero , you have the floor .
After all , at second reading , we will support it if it is clear that the green and sustainable approach is used .
Secondly , we have not taken detailed effects of all the regulations that are currently being dealt with .
In addition , there are facilities which only work for a few hours of day , which restricts parents ' access to the labour market .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the funds that are blocked by the European Union are probably those that are specifically intended for the soil of soil .
Almost you would have forgotten that people choose the <UNK> and deliberately deliberately abusing social services in Europe .
We are fighting unfair competition that leads to the market 's smooth functioning .
( GA ) Madam President , what is the logic that the Council has made and the Commission believe that the austerity of Ireland will not increase debt or that this will not be the result of these or similar policies in the European Union ?
I think mainly the integration of Serbia in the European Union is the subject of severe cases of breaches of human rights and the most pressing problem of close cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Yugoslavia .
That is why the European Commission has called for this issue , with regard to the intentions of Brazil , during the next technical barriers to the WTO Committee on Trade on Trade Trade on Trade Trade on Trade March 2011 .
These concerns are the result of Mrs Ashton 's statements and its past , but also from the first action after he has taken office .
Lithuania was the first country of a communist bloc which declared its independence from the USSR .
On the majority of Europe , it has come to the extent of the current system in which the world 's multinational corporations and banks manage the world .
The European United Left will <UNK> this policy through the European Parliament and by fighting shoulder shoulder to shoulder with workers and social movements in order to bring about a viable generation of democratic , social , environmental , environmental and Europe .
The first was created , because around 80 % of the population live in cities and because of climate change , we now want to tackle this .
The Fukushima of Fukushima obliges us first of all to strengthen our requirements in the area of nuclear safety .
The most ambitious conclusions should have been strengthening nuclear security , the freezing of the Structural Funds , freezing the projects for building new nuclear plants in the European Union and more effective investments in clean energy and energy storage .
Two days ago , the opposition of the Left in the country was here in this House .
The Commission intends to present a new communication on the modernisation of higher education later this year .
Fishing is a fundamental activity for ensuring the food and survival of people and this is the original aim of every fisheries policy .
Can you confirm the President that if Parliament must show its true strength , we will have to review them ?
In particular , the leaders have called for decisive action to provide appropriate financial support through the European Financial Stability Mechanism to the entry into force of the permanent mechanism .
These two decades have been subjected to the <UNK> by the United States to an end , and it will be replaced by the concept of the concept of <UNK> that could also lead to conflict .
They must also ensure that the international organisations provide international mediation organisations and the secretariat of the Convention on International Trade , clear and precise answers in terms of building the choice of building , environmental impact and plans .
Irrespective of the ongoing political programmes , we realise that the compromise and the agreement are possible in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
We are now further than achieving sustainable transport .
I call on the Commissioner to take into account the conclusions of the Charter of Fundamental Rights , whereby we , as representatives of the Commission and Parliament , together with experts , NGOs and associations and the debate in practice of the world 's communication on water in Istanbul .
The possibility of women 's ability to reconcile family life and work to their family life , but also to achieve gender equality targets : we fight this today for all European women .
It is good that the second debate on the crisis in the car industry has taken into account the proposals made during the debate in February .
However , we must also remember that these achievements are meeting us and a great responsibility for the future .
The reduction in the EU in tomatoes between 16 and 18 million tonnes per year , per annum , which are estimated to be earmarked for the market of vegetables .
These Member States also need support for the modernisation of a strong industrial industrial sector in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , but at the same time , to retain jobs and ensure economic growth .
The entry into force of the directive ' Directive without borders ' is a wonderful opportunity for all patients in the European Union , but especially for patients from countries that are less developed where there is a need to be a need to help health services .
The recent financial crisis has increased the need to overcome the problems relating to the management of companies .
I believe we must see what you intend to do with this package for goods as part of a broader governance strategy for the acquis communautaire .
It is true that the global economic and financial crisis has hit even the most competitive economies , but we must not forget that it has even affected the poorest countries .
We in Northern Ireland are not forgotten the victims of the past and victims of terrorism , which is why I call on Parliament to support the campaign of compensation from Libya .
They must also provide measures to take place in terms of social and demographic trends and focus on supporting families who care for patients , thereby providing social protection for vulnerable people suffering from dementia .
We currently have a policy that is only an unacceptable and is directed at asylum seekers and , ultimately , as we find , to European taxpayers .
In all situations , there would be a crisis , but the fact that we do not have sufficient instruments to remedy it , and that we still have not made progress with the <UNK> , we have a deep progress .
The aim was in cooperation with the European Commission to set the highest possible standards for operations in European waters .
In some Member States , it is there , and in other Member States , it can not be so , but it is a fact that the government of Hungary 's new constitution is the most symbolic constitution of this kind .
Indeed , China has announced that it will not set out the cost of reducing its energy sources - 80 % to 20 % in gas - and in fact , to make sure that we want to double its energy needs by 2020 .
I believe that the document we are going to discuss and hopefully will approve tomorrow is very good news for Europe .
The problem relating to volunteering can be found that it will simply not be sufficiently sufficiently in terms of climate change today .
I see too little plans in this area , but we must continue to make efforts in this direction .
In 2009 , the European Parliament Committee on Petitions received 1 <UNK> , but only 46 % of them were adopted within the committee 's competence .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to make something very clear in the Community : there is no competences in the field of quality policy , in general and in particular in the field of social housing .
People in Europe are very <UNK> when it comes to the solidarity of solidarity , but unfortunately there is a great danger to forget or to forget the tragedy of our Haiti .
The cost of this tragedy is a recurring occurrence .
The Commission therefore has a clear task of finding conflicts of conflicts affecting the use of minority languages in all EU countries without exception .
In a difficult time , the Internet has a positive quality in democratic countries such as Italy to flee all possible political , geographical , economic and social barriers to information .
Secondly , as has already been mentioned here today , the gap between words and our deeds - or , in other words , the gap between internal and EU external reactions .
In particular , support for specific projects and attempts are made to ensure properly and effectively implementing laws .
This problem is due to the problem of rising unemployment , which are linked to other social and economic risks and costs for our societies .
However , in addition to this short-term strategy , the new Europe 2020 strategy - in fact , as Michel Barnier pointed out in his <UNK> , a programme - to the European Union - to emerge from the economic crisis , creating economic growth and by ensuring that this growth creates more growth and better jobs .
The debate is closed .
In this context , ACTA will have no impact on European citizens , because there will be no new obligations for the European Union and the need to implement legislation .
I believe that , in a debate like the current debate , when we are discussing such a topic , we should rather focus on future measures to ensure that we avoid such situations and , if I may say , I can say , perhaps even more importantly , whether this kind of data is not put into question , public attention to the public sector 's confidence in the EU institutions .
This means that cities are taking into account for more CO2 emissions by 20 % by 2020 .
I know - and I am now talking to you - that the years of <UNK> ' are a difficult period that is <UNK> difficult .
This report is fundamentally in principle , given the political content of the political content : it tries to emphasise and accelerate important debates in European institutions and Member States in all the issues included in the economic governance package .
Do you think that it will be possible to use the programmes ' programmes and to improve communication in border regions and what would you have liked to do in this respect ?
People elected by you for the important new EU posts can already determine them without ideas , as they are still largely limited to the majority of European citizens .
However , this also means ( particularly in the era of the sea ) that , in this century , opportunities must be provided with and for the development of public broadcasting and specialist , which symbolises quality , cultural diversity and cultural unity .
The Commission is unable to comment on the territory of the territory or borders of a Member State , as these issues are only the responsibility of the Member States and only imposed on the provisions of international law .
Thank you .
In my country , Poland - the political right to the influence of the Ukrainian , does not allow the influence of <UNK> sexual education and limited to contraception and abortion .
It is high time that international justice should be done in Sri Lanka , as well as elsewhere elsewhere .
The reason for this is not only the global crisis and the dramatic crisis in the economy , among the economic and external markets , but also the common agricultural policy - a more ambitious policy that the European Commission continues to invest in recent years , with which has contributed to the current crisis .
We must strive to reduce the differences between current levels of animal welfare standards in the various Member States of the Union , because there are currently major discrepancies in the conditions for animals and there is the growing risk of animal feed .
I abstained from voting on the resolution .
This is clearly stated and in the Protocol system , the system of public broadcasting and distribution of the Amsterdam to the Amsterdam Treaty .
On the other hand , Member States must also show solidarity with the Community by taking honest obligations together which are taken together .
I believe it is a good idea for Parliament not only to discuss this fact , but also the behaviour of the <UNK> ' and of a huge number of large multinationals in Europe , aimed at trade unions , and this does not respect workers ' rights .
SOLVIT works well , but it could work better .
It is very important for Ukraine to participate in the Eastern Partnership and in the Parliamentary Assembly , which cooperates with the European Parliament .
It really wants to strengthen governance - particularly attention , including budget support , and taking into account the low levels of income levels - and invest significantly in infrastructure , particularly in the roads .
The report <UNK> the <UNK> of the Israeli army responsible for the following : to use the <UNK> of the <UNK> , to distinguish between civilians and soldiers , to the human consequences of the blockade , which is a means of collective punishment , and to breach the military law .
Firstly , it is not true that Europe is at the forefront of its global problems .
I would say <UNK> in <UNK> , but we are in Brussels , I will call them the <UNK> for <UNK> .
However , we would like to deal with the urgent issue and we have taken into account in this fact , in adopting the package of regulations , Parliament has never taken a political responsibility .
Based on the assessment of the European Council , the Council will adopt guidelines for the employment policy of the Member States .
They must understand that a <UNK> <UNK> which takes place in the European Parliament would not be there if biodiversity was not biodiversity .
( RO ) Madam President , the Black Sea is important for the European Union not only because of its strategic location , but also because of the available economic opportunities and conditions for enhanced regional development .
I believe we must show good upbringing and ask the people , our voters , whether they agree with that .
The proposal is very important because , first of all , I believe that it strengthens Parliament 's legitimacy , as it gives Parliament the public direct access to the citizens not by parties , but in a way that allows us directly to access and only through one bill .
Parliament was asked for better understanding between the two banks .
We are pleased that these areas have been raised in the report on the High North of the European Parliament , together with valuable proposals on how we act in the future .
The first cycle of the Pakistani cycle of Yugoslavia and the collapse of new borders are characterised by a global level of <UNK> and global <UNK> , thereby creating a new and practical and interventions .
The prospect of entry into the European Union is a powerful incentive for other countries of the Western Balkans , to the European integration , to conduct the necessary political , economic and legislative reforms , to strengthen stability and promote stability in the region .
The question is therefore : which taxes should therefore be increased ?
I will try to answer .
Of course , due to the Treaty of Lisbon , which is what Parliament has actually entered into force , will need additional budgetary capacity to be carried out , but with the introduction of the Statute of the current parliamentary term of office , there is still no proof that MEPs in fact need .
I would like to focus on another principle .
We therefore supported the proposal for rejection of the agreement and I regret that it was not accepted .
Some might see in this : we hope that we do not move from one <UNK> in aviation situations .
The new rules for the transportation of people should not affect the freedom of organs at lower level to organise themselves their public transport .
However , I have been in his <UNK> for freedom , they depend on the aid of the land they have adopted at a certain price to help refugees to cross the Sinai border , even without the necessary papers .
It is also important that civil society is duly involved in the institutional actions to eradicate human trafficking and take campaigns and to seek a more transparent and to seek expert groups .
Naturally , the role of catalyst .
He has again addressed his own dictatorship to his dictatorship .
Moreover , the direction of your thoughts is also alarming , as the two market are equally large .
I would like to conclude , Mr President , by drawing up the following considerations in response to some specific questions .
There is much more opportunities for improvement and they must be considered critical by the European Commission .
Once the ICT sector is given 0.7 % of the European GDP by the European market , with a much more favourable contribution to increasing the total productivity ( 20 % of the sector and 30 % of the investments in ICT ) , how the Commission intends to deal with the supply of the digital markets ?
Cross-border cooperation in the area of creating unitary patent protection ( debate )
Question Time ( Commission )
The health care for health have been <UNK> and there are far more severe health problems for resolving the large multinationals of large multinational companies .
This is probably a directive which contains more stringent rules in the world on factors affecting remuneration .
This Europe has given its neighbours , including those of Central and Eastern Europe , the prospect of membership .
Madam President , I am finishing .
Mr President , I would like to draw the attention of this House from the lifts and return to the issue of vaccines that prevent deaths .
These efforts are very important , as access to the area is crucial for international trade and transportation .
<UNK> can turn their goods to a consumer profile and avoid any kind of <UNK> .
Although the discharge process is now focused on 2009 , it is important to learn lessons for the future and also finally simplify the financial management .
Thirdly , in the event of a accident , what resources we have to avoid avoiding the pollution of the coast ?
It is good months after the actual start of doing this work and see whether everything goes smoothly or , let me say , I am sure - whether it seems to be wrong .
I have been talking about the mobilisation of the countries that have made your economic forecasts to oppose the protectionism at this stage .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in my opinion , an industrial policy that focuses exclusively on businesses operating in an international plan and using <UNK> technologies is not the best way to success .
However , we maintain permanent contact with its representatives , particularly in relation to the progress of the dialogue process , and we believe in the future to continue in the same way .
We must also make sure that we have sufficient flexibility instrument in order to react and to change our priorities .
The areas of cooperation in the region which is expected to be greater participation in the EU , represent a very significant list .
Is the European Union obliged to use public money to put pressure groups ?
Today , on behalf of my group , I would like to express our solidarity with the entire agricultural sector , and particularly the <UNK> of dairy farmers and their actions throughout Europe .
Subject : <UNK> of European meat from beef and meat meat and meat meat meat
It is clear that there is a huge interest in the Arctic resources of the Arctic region .
I listened carefully to all the speeches and certainly to the unanimous opinion of this House .
The first is to prove the most serious mismanagement of the Socialists , such as the political and economic dynamism and stability in Hungary and the size of debt .
This proposal is currently being ignored , which shows that it really is true : the new Member States are considered a second class class class of the European Union .
The transatlantic organisations in Belarus are not allowed to carry out their activities ; instead they must work illegally .
Unfortunately , Turkish legislation still does not conform to European standards and often employers benefit from this situation .
( CS ) Thank you , Madam President .
This is why it is not possible - it is not possible to have EUR 300 million at the same time , and at the same time , no increase .
I have done this five years ago and it is about a more far-reaching process where we must also see the people who are responsible for the Commission to <UNK> .
They are sick because they do not have opportunities for professional development , the most advanced salaries or research centres , but research centres do not only have new , because they not only have the means , but they are not only lacking and have the organisation and to accept new ideas and develop new ideas .
We can do this together .
Another most important element is that the Roma people killed killed killed , while they are used as human shields , without sacrificing this with the Israelis who were killed and the thousands of threats , because they can not compensate for more <UNK> .
Around 8 of 10 children in the European Union are using the Internet , and I believe that we must make particular care of care to protect children against the most vulnerable abuse , with the aim of sexual abuse and harassment .
I must also make it clear that these criteria were defined by the Member States and not for them , the Commission has not been resolved .
The significant impact that continues to be put into place and the continuing spread of disease , with high mortality and particularly the devastating consequences for the least developed countries , as well as those in humanitarian humanitarian terms , must mobilise the state of concern and ensuring EU institutions and ensure that the resources available to prevent the prevention and effective response policies and ensure that the necessary coordinated policies are properly implemented .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , I have adopted these amendments to the financial draft budget for 2011 , the Committee on Budgets wanted to act responsibly .
Applying the constitutional changes in a transparent and inclusive way is essential for Turkey 's progress .
We have already managed to reach a compromise that will benefit patients who will be protected against a long time , and we have also achieved a balance that will be able to monitor the Member States in order to monitor the financial and financial perspective .
This dependency threatens the economic viability of <UNK> and beef is increasingly dependent on the additional costs of imported feed , regardless of the fact that , in addition to the economic problem and in the climate production objectives , it would contribute significantly to reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
It was discovered that it was a written permit for the <UNK> office , but Christmas was held in the evening .
No country can not be allowed to attack its territory , as was the case of Georgia .
Of course , we do not have great progress with the recognition of Kosovo , as they would like many people , including those in Kosovo .
It would be very unfortunate if the Ecolabel of the Ecolabel failed due to the bureaucratic plant .
I will call on the Heads of State or Government of the European Council to discuss this issue .
I will comment on some of these areas .
Given that animals are in terms of animal welfare , one of the priorities of the Swedish Presidency is one of the priorities and , given that Ireland , as a result , are successfully able to ensure animal welfare are adapted to animals in this respect of animals , including animals , which guarantees us with the point of view of the <UNK> animals to ensure that better animals are better equipped to ensure that animals are better equipped in order to ensure that the distribution of animals are better protected animals are used in order to achieve the balance between the latter and to achieve the creation of the distribution of animals in order to secure the creation of animals in order to secure profits between the land in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to achieve the land for the land in order to ensure that they are used in order to achieve the land in order to achieve the land of the land of the land of animals in order to achieve the land of animals in order to achieve the land of the land for the land for the land for the land for the land for the creation of animals in order to achieve the latter 's animals in order to achieve a new animals in order to achieve a new animals in order to achieve the land in order to achieve the land for the animals in order to achieve the wealth in order to achieve a new animals in order to achieve a reduction in order to secure animals in order to secure in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure the wealth in order to protect the animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to achieve a new animals in order to achieve a new animals in order to achieve their animals in order to protect animals in order to achieve the animals in order to achieve the animals in order to secure animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in terms of animals in terms of animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to produce the animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure the creation of animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to achieve the animals in order to achieve the conservation and to achieve the animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to secure the animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to protect animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure and to secure animals in order to secure and to ensure that they are in order to secure and to secure animals in order to secure the land for the land for the land for the land for the animals in order to secure animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in respect for the animals in order to secure the animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in respect for the animals in order to secure animals in respect for the animals in respect for the animals in respect for the animals in respect for the animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in terms of animals in order to secure animals in respect for the animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in terms of animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure the animals are consistent animals in respect for the animals and to secure animals in order to secure animals in terms of animals in terms of animals in terms of animals in order to protect animals in terms of animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to secure animals in order to achieve a new animals in order to protect the EU soil protection in order to protect animals in order to secure animals in order to achieve a new animals in
In the current situation , when energy is used as a political instrument , the importance of this fact can not be underestimated .
It is in our interest to adopt the proposal to work in defence of our values and interests in a constructive dialogue that we hope to achieve tangible results in the future .
I was not among those who supported it .
It will meet the strategy in the Council and for its implementation .
We would have made better work if we were to have clear principles and we were the responsibility for implementing and develop these principles themselves .
Indeed , even now , the farmers ' organisations admit that no more than 9 % of products will have to disappear , not disappear immediately , but also gradually , for a few years .
At the same time , I think it is time that the time has come to start thinking about how we can reintroduce the strategy again .
We have seen this threat in the debate today .
There are other ideas that are addressed to the voting vote on legislative reports , not for any final vote , but for the final vote on the final vote I think I have mentioned earlier .
The members of the national parliaments should take the baton and take their governments so that the latter does not start what the European Parliament proposes to defend its citizens ' rights .
Everyone knows how serious the problem is .
We fully support the resolution on the mass destruction of the threats of Nigeria in Nigeria , which unfortunately constitute only one aspect of the most important picture of human rights in the country .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) contains an extremely negative impact on civil liberties and today 's vote does not make any difference to reduce these fears .
Mr <UNK> tried to organise a government without the participation of Mr Zelaya and the delayed vote , so that the vote is not taken to power .
I am pleased that the Commission is aware of the important role of the sector .
This subject raises a large number of political issues , legal and security issues that need further study and consultation , and which - and this is also very important - require the commitment of justice and internal affairs of the Member States .
However , before we should be able to put our own house into order .
The information that is the number of the general public , does not mean that no longer need to worry about climate change , but means that more research is needed .
The fourth important element is the economic policy package presented by Commissioner Rehn , which was discussed yesterday in the Ecofin Council .
The management , governance and planning of the land is a responsibility of each Member State .
I share the concern about animal welfare , but I would like a realistic regulation which allows and trade in animals that is a legal and proper , and I would like to say that we do not need additional regulations .
For this reason , the use of the instruments within the 2011 budget are being identified with the need to funding the training programmes and Innovation programmes - including in the framework of the EU 2020 strategy - and to ensure that State aid is available to Palestine , peace and to support the UN Security Agency ( <UNK> ) .
I know that this issue is not addressed in the report , but I believe we need to monitor this very closely , as this is linked to our fellow citizens ' violence .
Commissioner , I would like to ask you to be particularly vigilant in this regard .
I believe that a clearer picture will only be when it is only evident when Turkey will obviously happen with Turkey joining the EU and what status will have Russia in terms of the Union .
We must define jointly the necessary action at European Union level to supplement national actions with a positive social impact .
This political support is vital , as there is a risk , and I strongly condemn this , Moldova 's inability to consider a problem that is a step in order to turn into a problem within the European Union .
These countries have significant differences and , where the general principles of the Financial Stability Board have remained too long ago , it has remained very high for their implementation at European level , this was necessary to ensure that Member States apply the text of the directive consistently .
I believe we must temporarily stop this process .
The first will be able to use 2014 and will provide better , better than one of the death penalty , while the devil of the causes is a few metres .
However , we must do this in a way that the Afghans to include dignity and who , as a priority , respects their dignity and , of course , includes - whether it is the likes of some people - the dignity of women .
However , it is important that the activities of ECAs be subject to strict supervision should be carried out in order to avoid future difficulties .
The most important challenge of time we live , and the need for the necessary need to use mechanisms themselves , in itself , to help the unemployed and to promote their reintegration into the labour market , are fully aware when these problems are faced with the current lack of confidence in markets and investments .
There are grounds for the hearing .
We have stopped to act and <UNK> have already lost their strength .
I am encouraged by the idea of extending the copyright period , it has been extended to 70 years or 95 years , and I am not confused because it is not perfect and is in the digital age , but because , just because it will be clear , one action will be of the interests of the industry , not of which we are fighting for survival .
We have not always promised our banking structures .
I welcome the resolution which aims to simplify the rules on public procurement while contributing to the level of legal certainty .
Finally , we are not fully satisfied with the draft resolution on the draft joint resolution , which we will vote on Thursday .
In any case , the Bureau proposed by the Bureau to submit proposals that this amendment was only a valid because of the part that we have proposed .
For all these areas , we must ensure a strong and sustainable structure as quickly as possible to ensure that we can provide a common set of rules , whether it is about the accounts of Member States ' behaviour , for their economic governance or for the reform of our financial services .
If we fail to agree on this - and now it is the last moment we can do this - we will lose almost EUR <UNK> million from the margins for 2010 and therefore lose the opportunity within the framework of 2011 .
This instrument complements very well our policies to demand other countries to support human rights .
What I propose is actually a Europe agenda for the sake of Europe .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the right of asylum is one of the fundamental values of the European Union and no one has been forced to hold public in his speeches .
I voted in favour of the report on the evaluation of the action plan for the Protection and animal protection plan for the period 2007-2013 .
This was a fundamental requirement for our group .
Because of the Islamic immigrants , this will also have a influence over Europe and we need to prepare for such an end .
The Commission proposed the mobilisation of EUR 250 per cent of EUR 250 billion and I support the proposal .
We would like peace , we would all have achieved , and everything we want to achieve in the years .
It is essential to resume this dialogue .
Mrs Ashton will continue to work on this framework together with the European Parliament and propose a final decision until the next April next year .
Our group voted for ' , as 16 of the <UNK> amendments were adopted or included in the amendments proposed by the rapporteur , including the amendment , and the amendment calling for the International Criminal Tribunal to be accompanied by the International Criminal Tribunal for the ICTY ( ICTY ) .
I think , even in terms of immigration , the Member States must take seriously members of the European Parliament .
As rapporteur for the Committee on International Trade ( INTA ) , I hope that the EU 's increased sums of heading ( as a global partner ) can invest in a global and use them to stimulate more trade flows , and by helping to achieve obstacles , employment and employment growth .
Meanwhile , the EU also calls on Belarus to take further steps towards democratic standards , without which our relations can not develop their full potential .
At the same time , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that , when discussing energy efficiency and security of energy supply and the threats of them , we are in some extent , a source of energy sources .
So what the Irish , not only they expect from the European Union is entirely logical .
( FR ) Mr President , my question will be quite brief , as this debate is very thoroughly and I have the feeling that , leaving some <UNK> , we share the same anxiety .
The problems relating to reduced production levels mainly concern ordinary people working for these companies .
We have introduced legislation which , in many cases , is not scientifically justified , and we are putting European farmers , European farmers , in extremely unfavourable .
Currently , technical measures are set out by the revised regulation , which has been set up with a series of transitional measures and extended to 30 June 2011 , as it has not been agreed to the Council on the proposal for a new regulation on the proposal for a new regulation that aims to simplify and clarify the rules of implementing the rules and take into account of local fisheries .
The impact to antibiotics represents the biggest threat that we are facing is the health of both humans and animals .
This morning we celebrated the 100th anniversary of International Women 's Day .
In the opinion of fishermen , this significant report should have a major impact on the structure of the future common fisheries policy in the area of the market .
in writing . - ( LT ) I voted in favour of the resolution on officially officially officially <UNK> credits .
SMEs must be created to receive adequate support under the Union 's regional policy , given the importance of improving their social relations in urban areas or weak areas .
( SV ) Mr President , the number of products covered by this legislation that can also be used to civil , and military purposes , is much larger than it was at the beginning .
On this point , let me say that , because it is a question of gold mining systems , and certainly not of the <UNK> , could easily easily easily save adequate economic and financial resources for the technologies that are compatible with the environment and safe health .
We have come to an agreement in the wrong Economic Partnership Agreement , I hope that the Commission will commit all the Iranians , but let us , in the meantime , and adopt the interim Economic Partnership Agreement with Papua New Guinea and Fiji , which can serve as an example in the future .
However , the Commission has certain obligations arising from the Euratom Treaty .
Their responsibility is the responsibility of the African Union , the Arab League or the terrible ministerial conference .
I welcome innovation in the Treaty of Lisbon , not least , the existence of the European Union 's permanent presidency , because this provides continuity and consistency in the long term .
Documents received : see Minutes
For example , in the city of a city of <UNK> , a prison of prison , a prison sentence is a <UNK> for people who have been killed .
In addition to all the above , I would like to emphasise two points that I would like to highlight two important points that I consider important : establishing the Union 's establishment outside the Union and the appointment of the Convention ; in other words , its application in all acts of the Union , including outside the territory of the EU .
This process , as mentioned in the proposal , is bureaucratic and we as Parliament , have the right to seek ways to reduce this bureaucracy and introducing the process of <UNK> .
For example , it is not included in foreign policy and defence policy , nor is it intended to exempt the Commission 's task of carrying out its task , to correct and monitor the proper implementation of all texts .
We have been waiting for these minority groups .
The necessary precondition for carrying out the geographical activity is the existence of a significant number of demands for reimbursement of costs presented by the rating .
Most people want to receive healthcare close to their own language and their own language .
This includes cases of the refusal of citizenship , limited to freedom , limited access to education , forced to marriage in marriage , limiting freedom of movement and destruction , churches and other coastal .
For years they often come to military forces .
Ladies and gentlemen , two days ago , four schools in the city of <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> .
Despite all , the Arab countries have already abolished the death penalty in the right or in practice .
All the idea , even the entire argument in favour of the existence of the Treaty of Lisbon - all that was intended to show the citizens why we must provide more EU powers - is precisely what we have heard today , after what we have been waiting for .
I believe it is a success that the European Parliament - against the will of the Council , extend the scope of the regulation on all regular internal and cross-border transport services of journeys of 250 km or more than 250 km , while the Council has put a minimum distance of 500 km .
New EU political framework for combating violence against women ( debate )
I would like to assure you that we have taken a very serious consultation .
The aim of these agreements was to prevent the losses of trade , but they do not make compulsory exemptions to the EPA .
Today 's plenary session voted on the report on agriculture and international trade .
They said that this enhanced cooperation currently covers 25 of the 27 Member States , could be used to put the Single Market into place .
I am also thinking of your comments to the Commission regarding the need to improve its activities in respect of the budget .
We also recognised that , following the signing of this agreement , the solidarity between the Pacific States in the Pacific States , which creates a sense of division , leading to the emergence of certain regional groups , due to pressure in connection with the signing of interim agreements .
The first concerns the mechanism for Greece , which the Council took a decision and which I have serious doubts .
The report also refers to what role there should be Eurojust in such cases of competence for competence .
We have been able to do it , but it seems to be no longer done in this particular case .
The Swedish Presidency has stated that the Baltic Sea Strategy is one of the priority issues .
The problem is not solved by stress tests for one incident .
<UNK> and monitoring must certainly be of ensuring that the policy required in favour of projects is transparent , but provided that the administrative burden for small and medium-sized enterprises - the driving force of the EU economy is limited to a minimum .
I would like to emphasise that the rapporteur has fulfilled its excellent duties .
The time has finally been completed this process finally .
The report on Alzheimer 's disease contains worrying statistics : on the number of estimated estimates of people worldwide suffer from dementia and is an nature of EUR 35.6 million .
This means eliminating the military situation and involving all democratic forces in the ongoing steps .
This represents a small portion of EUR 46 million per annum .
I believe we all agree with the principle we are debating this morning here , but it should not only apply in the European Union but also in the whole world .
The European Council therefore welcomes 19 and 20 March the European Council 's communication welcomes the Commission 's announcement to propose an increase in the ceiling for the financial balance of EUR 50 billion .
The cooperation of political , social and technical level is essential for achieving the objectives of the Single European sky .
The final text of the directive does not agree directly with the obligation to create independent bodies .
The investments in the Internet , the restructuring of the dairy sector , renewable energy , the preservation of biodiversity and water resources are key to solving the problems in these regions and create alternatives for people living there .
It is very unfortunate that the conference in Brussels coincides with the session .
Its report also <UNK> its scope and adapting it to the real needs of the common fisheries policy in the conditions of the Lisbon Treaty , which is why I appreciate it positively .
In 2004 , I have been in a delegation that the Committee on the United Nations Human Rights .
However , first of all , as we told the Amnesty International <UNK> ' , these improvements are only very limited to a very limited extent .
As a European country which wants to join the EU in future , Ukraine must receive a clear political signal that encourages the authorities to implement the EU 's reform package .
It is extremely important to create interesting and separate remuneration programmes offering good opportunities .
We also welcome the fact that the report provides for - if there is a change of wealth - sufficient time for people 's minds , in which to consider their financial future .
Lastly , the physical and <UNK> <UNK> is being regarded as the interests of illegally staying illegally in a country to enable them to be able to make signals of illegal employers without fear of persecution .
The debate is closed .
Mr <UNK> has been very well presented during his hearing in the European Parliament and his candidacy has not made any doubts .
We must stop further deepening the problem of this problem immediately .
It is important to do everything possible to tackle this problem , as it causes large difficulties for people who are suffering from this type of charge .
This issue has many aspects and many of them are included in this report .
The truth then is that the Council granted even more powers to the European Parliament , including the power of the UK economy , which is the most important problem for the British people today .
The Partnership Agreement allows EU vessels to fish in the waters of the Comoros in return to financial support will undoubtedly contribute to strengthening the economy 's economy .
I share the concern that it is difficult to tackle this cruel trade , as well as the most recent consequences for people who are deprived of their authorities , whether or not a <UNK> in the quality of life , chronic and in many cases .
in writing . - ( PT ) I voted against this motion for a resolution .
One year later the consequences of the disaster in Haiti are severe and of human , economic and social terms in the country in the chaos .
For example , by checking the composition of tyres , we can reduce fuel fuel consumption and hence harmful emissions , which , by the introduction of a modern system for managing the management of management system , will be achieved on the number of European roads .
Belarus must be kept in any possible way in its development to the exercise of democracy and human rights within the Eastern Partnership .
In other words , notes the emergence of real European citizens ' legal power , as the Commission will be obliged to respond to this citizens ' initiative by means of a study or supply directive .
To be honest , the honest , which Europe has made in the agricultural sector , has made a good concern and have a precise concern : what is most important to the quotas created by Europe in the sectors of rice and sugar that <UNK> opportunities ?
However , I have been aware of the impression that it is trying to impose an end to this movement to impose discrimination against the family , based on the <UNK> of a man between man and a woman and the freedom of religion , particularly as regards religious schools .
in writing . - ( FR ) According to the EPA EPAs and bananas , accompanied by ACP countries , no one of the markets in the outermost regions , for ten years , on the basis of renewable energy , thereby protecting these two pillars of agriculture in these countries .
You have also read the text !
That is not fair .
However , the most suitable can be used without direct monitoring of their quality and only if there is a database .
We believe that the fight against illegal employment can not be <UNK> .
I accept the criticism that I spoke about a single minute , with which I have been saying .
It is therefore very important to deepen cooperation between Member States and third countries , to ensure dialogue with NGOs and call on the Commission to establish a European coordinator on these issues .
The United States and Japan will not go down a deal , as they protect their own producers and a high standard that I am doing .
I agree with the Council , and perhaps we can discuss all of us how sensible it is regularly to set ambitious targets in the field of the environment and to debate them and to welcome them here , but always when it comes to their application and concrete legislation in the tragedy , then the tragedy in Europe .
Whether we achieve this through extending the mandate or creating a mechanism that is not the job of us ; and as far as we see , we can see the judges and find a way of doing the judges and in the <UNK> regime .
As we have already said , we must be flexible to be able to react more effectively .
Is it possible to have a knock-on effect on the free trade agreement ?
Today , freedom of religion is being put under pressure and by a widespread rejection of religion , whereby attempt to remove the <UNK> world of a free world of society .
That is how important this is .
( Parliament agreed to the request )
The situation of the most vulnerable persons in the Member States should be taken into account themselves or municipalities .
Subsequently , he had to take office , because the leadership of the group of the <UNK> in <UNK> who , as you know , from the worst of crimes in Italy , when he is carried out from the <UNK> , from the <UNK> culture in Italy , completely <UNK> to the first party in Italy , who are only <UNK> to the <UNK> of all the people , to the country and some of the country .
They have been told 12 months , but I am pleased that there is a compromise , because I am a positive one , I am a positive one .
These documents openly call for a rethink of the first pillar , and also automatically an increase in the retirement age of retirement age on the basis of life expectancy .
All this is the most successful Europe 2020 strategy .
What we have seen so often in life is unfortunately happening and in this case with industrial installations .
China is carrying genocide in Tibet .
It is clear that the political decisions that were taken in relation to Kozloduy , can not be a lasting solution in the forthcoming development of the European Union .
It should ensure equal social protection and the rights of women , when they are employed in business and , among the risks of the market , production and the financial crisis must provide for their own social and social security .
( FR ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to thank the Swedish Presidency and congratulate them on their excellent work .
As poverty and social exclusion have a more far-reaching nature , we must systematically reject them in other policies , so that all EU citizens can have decent life .
As you know , there is a consultation document drafted in the spirit of <UNK> .
Personally , I was in the region of the east in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo , where this terrible practice is used by regular soldiers and members of armed groups .
I insist on the EU institutions to resist the experience of Ukraine 's macro-financial assistance to Ukraine and avoid further delays .
We therefore believe that we will respect the policy and we will always be very clear , given that we know and have a clear evidence of the existence of such cases .
However , the proposals put forward by the European Commission , as well as many as the guidelines on the excessive deficit , and in terms of the communication on increasing the retirement age .
Madam President , as we have seen some positive developments , we would like to amend the experience that you start with : <UNK> that the authorities have unfortunately been denied all demonstrations by the <UNK> authorities ' .
The people are afraid of losing their loved and eight <UNK> of the government , which took place by the government .
In particular , an interim agreement was concluded with Papua New Guinea and the Republic of the Fiji Islands , which are hoping to achieve its objective , namely to protect the fishing industry and tuna production .
In negotiations , we have been involved and a large delegation from the European Parliament whose members are today among us .
These include , for example , the loss of opportunities for economic growth , the weakening tax base and the relevant consequences for public investment , increased social support , or even the risk of unemployment and social exclusion .
There are countries which will not require a number of personal card .
It is wrong to try to create a sense of security and consumers that food buying their food or <UNK> shops in supermarkets is safe .
If we consider this in the <UNK> , we will not monitor developments in these countries .
( Applause )
More than 200 000 troops have been held in the wake of Strasbourg , not only before the court and are offered for the occupation .
Obviously , the crisis would be <UNK> if it could have been solved by four billion in comparison with the Member States of the European Union .
What will remain in the expiry of these five years ?
Other amendments highlighted the need to strengthen the management of resources and the traceability of fishery products , and also responsible for responsible gas supplies , and that the supply of fish supplies is limited to a natural resource , which means that the gas pipeline can be saved , fish and destruction .
However , I have not heard , I have heard congratulations to the Catholic Church of the Catholic Church , and in particular , to Parliament , to the role played by the Hungarian Parliament , which has proved fundamental in the defence of all Cuba , who fight for freedom and dignity .
Secondly , the European Union is the only country in the Arctic , which directly believes that , as a port of industrialised countries , it is responsible for other industrialised areas , to change the changes in the Arctic .
This applies even greater force in global magnitude .
The Commission proposes mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund in favour of Poland , Slovakia , Hungary , the Czech Republic , Croatia and Romania 's view of the conclusion of 26 of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006 and sound financial management ( IIA ) .
In my opinion , the Commission 's draft budget must be better prepared and therefore Parliament 's Parliament needs to take more time to decide .
We must respect international law and the UN Charter of the United Nations for peace and solidarity .
The most serious disadvantage of the participants in the NATO and the opposition of the opposition leaders and candidates in the opposition elections is clearly a violation of human rights and shows that the measures are capable of improving relations with democratic countries in Europe .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that Parliament should monitor closely the way in which the agreement develops and complies with the agreement and the Commission must ensure that it can .
We must therefore use discharge as a cause of the impetus to these changes .
I would point out that biodiversity protection is of the key importance of the ecosystems , has a direct impact on the quality of food quality or food production and prevents and destruction .
That is why we also have made recommendations made by the report on the policies in this area are well welcome , as they affect the scope and purpose of State aid .
Well , one person must be completely <UNK> to accept the basis of human rights based on human rights , do we not think ?
It is also important for Tunisia to accept back to those who have reached the territory of EU Member States and do not need international protection .
This is also the case in which this flexibility will enable Member States to use their competence when the Commission does not exercise its competence , institutional framework to help citizens obtain access to justice in third countries , specifically in the area of <UNK> matters .
They have a right to fair prices and their proper support system for the price of providing a reasonable price for ensuring a reasonable price for survival and a reasonable income for their survival .
Firstly , this regulation expires on 31 December 2011 .
At present , who will not represent our interests in this area .
I hope that this report will be available before the second reading of the text .
( <UNK> )
SMEs are therefore <UNK> by these complex tax systems .
Of course we support it .
Honourable Members will assume that the EU institutions and , in particular , the Commission show a significant political commitment to fundamental rights and freedom of information , freedom of expression and freedom of the media .
My group believes that this package should contain three main elements .
They support the <UNK> plan for the <UNK> <UNK> ' plan , which was approved by the EU and whose goal is to prevent the entire region .
We have good arguments that we can demand constantly to ensure food security in Europe in the future .
The climate of climate change caused by human activity is a fact .
We have heard that some Members are trying to seek the criticism of human rights in Russia .
When it comes to human rights , it seems to me that , for instance , the press , India has better legislation than some Member States of the European Union .
We are thus getting labelling .
Mr President , first of all , I would like to congratulate my colleague for the excellent work he has done so technical but includes real implications for the security of Europe 's citizens .
The most important example of change in the approach of President Obama is the intention to close the Guantánamo Bay in Guantánamo .
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( DE ) Mr Barroso , what is the idea of creating a European institution to promote energy production from renewable energy , to supply energy in order to supply the environment and to the EU 's energy supply routes ?
The adverse consequences can also occur in other sectors such as the pig sector .
The regional dimension should also be present for the realisation of the cohesion policy of the European Union 's cohesion policy .
The Turkish Government has been demanding for the peace government in Northern Ireland .
Finally , we must have a European bond market .
This concern is in the sense that the European Parliament has repeatedly seen cases of the human rights defenders in Lithuania by the government of this country .
Madam President , I fear that these concerns are being made by a political objective here and elsewhere in Europe , and I would like to state clearly my position in terms of our future energy mix , which is not fear and <UNK> and <UNK> on the subject of nuclear evidence .
I agree that the levels of radioactive contamination of radioactive contamination must be regularly examined in order to take into account the latest international scientific research and scientific recommendations and avoid existing improvements in the legislative practice .
It is very important for innovation to come from and research centres and to be used so that they respond to the needs of European citizens .
This proposal <UNK> the burden of the burden that I honestly said is unacceptable .
If , at the end of the Iranian regime , the Iranian regime has turned its influence in the region , particularly as internal affairs of Iraq , then this region will be further than peace in the future and the world will be increasing with greater threat .
The <UNK> are now being paid to 11 % of <UNK> % only a year ago - real is caused by two times .
If we analyse the economic situation of <UNK> , without forgetting the city of Warsaw , it is clear that the gross domestic product of the region is far lower than 75 % of 75 % , and something is even lower than the poorest regions of the European Union , which shows that it is vital that further aid is required .
We are about the maximum constraints .
As a new Member State with the Arab League , our Community membership is of great importance for us and believe our moral duty to strengthen cooperation with those who remained outside of it .
I voted for the proposal for a recommendation by the European Parliament to the Council on the strategic partnership between the European Union and Brazil , because I believe that this is also beneficial to both sides and can contribute to the development of ties between these two Europeans in order to help achieve good and in the region , both in the region and in the world .
I hope no one has doubts that Lukashenko 's regime is an authoritarian regime , but it is also the most vulnerable , just as the regime of the Cuban regime .
How can we help to help this situation ?
I would like to add straight away from this , and I would like to add that this is not the most lucrative .
We certainly must remember this .
I therefore support every initiative to abandon the parliamentary seat in Strasbourg .
Mr Barroso , I know that you do not believe that millions of unemployed and social exclusion are an acceptable price that would be a <UNK> for a rapid fiscal consolidation , but this seems to be the road where it is .
At present , approximately 14 million Europeans develop some kind of dementia , such as Alzheimer 's disease is responsible for half of cases .
The European Commission is the largest donor of official development aid , providing EUR 49 billion per year , however , is not enough .
The agreement reached on 15 December 2009 between the EU , a group of Latin American countries and the United States on the import of bananas seems to be advantages , but it does not fully undermine the legitimate interests of all the parties .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I have a oral amendment to two amendments .
However , I believe that , although the 2011 budget is not a bad thing , it could have been better .
However , they have something common , namely to provide economic stimulus for the negative aspects of the outermost regions .
We , on their part , are taking the obligation to tackle the proposal on the flexible production of the rapid production .
Mr President , Commissioner , the proposals that have been tabled in this House have made it clear that Parliament has already been saying - as has already been said - we have not heard enough assurances about the specific situation of the negotiations .
I also welcome the fact that he recognised in his speech that the North Sea and Norway have already worked with one of the highest standards in the world .
I have fought for him , I have heard him for the famous man in Brussels and I was very impressed by him .
The failure of the agreed recommendations in the single legislative act will simplify the administration and increase the efficiency that is something that we must welcome .
However , we can hope that the vision of common political elements can help to tackle what is right and fair when it comes to moving forward on the path towards European unity .
More than 70 000 people died in this conflict .
We will have to use the opportunities it allows the Treaty of Lisbon to pave the way forward on the next stage .
That is why Europe - a Europe that rejects the construction of eurobonds , a Europe that refuses to cut tax tax tax - is Europe that will only destroy its own European project .
This report is the first of the application of this new instrument and has a dual objective :
This report contains many of the decisions .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur and the political groups for the excellent work on this report , which I fully support .
This will be a cultural visa .
They provide answers before the effects of the decision .
I hope that the second Barroso Commission can learn the technical competence with what is more .
Today , it is the start , but not the end of our cooperation .
This position was supported by the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( EL ) Mr President , Commissioner , I will start by thanking you for comprehensive information and assure you that I welcome the measures taken by you .
The Commission should therefore focus on three things : the allocation of funds not be too difficult in the administrative terms , the Commission will take effective measures to ensure that they really fulfil their resources and use of the resources for advertising containing advertising are restricted .
Secondly , a problem with the order of the vote , which fortunately was resolved , which , in question , has been put into question the way in which a major political problem can be resolved here : through <UNK> and <UNK> and subsequently <UNK> accusations and accusations to administration that it can not do anything on this .
However , in order to tackle the situation , there must be some kind of adaptation , a certain compromise .
To criticise and the sentence , one of the most recent opposition movements of the people of Iran , without real evidence of the attempt to experience the Islamic regime of Iran 's Islamic Republic of Iran .
We MEPs voted in favour of the UK Independence Party voted in favour of these amendments mainly because we oppose the increase in budget and because we are organising the spending of these budget lines , as proposed by the European Conservatives and Reformists , would lead to a reduction in payments outside the budget .
in writing . - ( NL ) It is a good thing that the Hungarian Prime Minister has clearly highlighted its willingness to correct the new media law if the EU asked this .
Madam President , following the delay and <UNK> of Italian colleagues from the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , perhaps we can already <UNK> the land .
According to the principle of subsidiarity , the question of taxation is best to the question of European nations .
While a little more radical , the claim is quite rightly justified when it comes to the importance of women in rural areas or in farm .
Unfortunately , the current proposals for the EU 2020 strategy , I have the feeling that once again this day can remain empty words , if we do not take into account those opinions that will have to take into account the strategy we will have to do with other words , young people .
Let us start with the agenda and then we can return to all the questions about the next 5 and 6 May .
We have been very <UNK> , the destruction of corruption and destruction of weapons and drug drug drug drug drug drug .
The European arrest warrant means that British citizens accused of another EU Member State of the European Union can not be protected from British courts or even the Minister of the internal affairs , even if there is a lack of injustice .
However , this resolution rightly emphasises that <UNK> cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ' , including the transfer of the last two <UNK> <UNK> , is a basic condition for Serbia 's progress towards EU membership .
The UN flights were closed .
Transport systems are modern applications aimed at providing innovative services in terms of transport and management of traffic , which allow various users to be better informed and contribute to the <UNK> , <UNK> and <UNK> ' use of transport networks .
The economic disaster plans , the wars in recent days will turn not only Greece , but also all 27 Member States of the European Union in <UNK> .
Romania is a European country that is probably the most serious abuses of international adoption in <UNK> years , following the fall of communism .
Today , we will find a <UNK> of this issue in the future .
The EU 's cultural sector plays an important role in the Europe 2020 strategy in terms of different social and economic challenges .
Can we call good Europeans if we were not doing that ?
Like others , I believe that this is a foundation , not an end .
This is more than in any country .
The second is only able to go into the fact that our rights are strengthened .
I would also ask you to commit to the necessary improvements in the sales of products .
<UNK> , in particular , small and medium-sized enterprises , want legal certainty and rapid procedures .
The answer was : how can we allow us something like this is all about .
That is the question .
We need strong financial support for the European Agricultural Fund to develop disparities between rural and urban areas .
You mentioned grounds - you mentioned some of them - speak alone .
If a judgment is below a compensation or sell , we can not prevent extremists from the age or from the right to decide it .
There are still many other ways to create employment as strategic investments or training in the sectors of the future .
We must therefore work at the same time of complementary levels .
No one can allow someone who has been granted specialised people and it is all possible ways to avoid justice and the relatives of victims , to take the victim of persecution and create dangerous in the language of the law and society .
This is precisely what we want to break the complex connections between the political and economic power in Belarus .
The Commission will propose recommendations to end up the excessive deficit situation .
In this respect , I would also condemn the importance of the cohesion policy of the European Union , the funds which will be extremely useful for this purpose .
I firmly believe that , in the interests of our citizens , the Council must bear in mind that Russia is and will continue to be necessary , useful and shared partner in our geopolitical area .
I insist on the firm action taken by the Spanish Government in response to this great deal with all the <UNK> .
We need a broad energy saving programme and also ambitious energy approach to renewable energy .
Finally , it is beneficial , because developing sustainable fisheries in the region , includes an objective of objective analysis of fishery resources and creates a scientific cooperation mechanism for the purpose .
We do not see much too often we have the opportunity to discuss with you personally , at the same time , important issues of the European Union 's foreign policy , so thank you very much for bringing you for you .
Written statements ( Rule 142 )
In turn , Europe can put a move forward in such a programme for Haiti .
In addition , the creation of a proper unit in the European External Action Service can decide a large part of the current <UNK> of the current Black Sea Synergy .
In the action plan for implementing the Stockholm Programme , the Commission made a commitment to present a strategy to combat violence against women , domestic violence and genital mutilation .
A country 's most modern state can be a united country - as the Federation was recognised , and also the Ottoman Empire , the Soviet empire and the Soviet empire - but , as soon as the people of the people , they choose the democratic self-determination .
In order to guarantee food supply security , the EU must be competitive at a strong common agricultural policy ( CAP ) , which <UNK> speculation on food commodities and helps young people to enter the agricultural sector .
Have we <UNK> new monopolies in the Internet ?
Today 's vote shows that this concept goes beyond political differences .
When something is done , my experience , you have shown me that , in the wake of the failure , governments are governments , not parliaments .
We must not allow the death of Zapata to remain in history as a <UNK> . It must mark the end of the current human rights situation in Cuba .
Obviously , the data protection legislation must be observed , but there must be no border : we can not hide behind data protection in the event of terrorism .
If we consider all these objectives , we must support the calls for these reports : for the full and development of the development of common standards and common procurement systems , for example , for example , with regard to interoperability .
Regarding the amendments which have been tabled in place , which are not yet addressed to 1 December 2009 - the date of Lisbon Treaty - the President of the Commission - the President of the parliamentary committees calls on the parliamentary committees to which the parliamentary committees have already submitted to the existing legislative deadline , as proposed in the legal terms of the legal amendments , and the Commission should submit amendments to the rules that are proposed , along with the treaty , and the provisions that should be adopted under the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force in accordance with the provisions that are already adopted under the provisions that the Treaty of Lisbon Treaty change in force .
However , the most dangerous sectors remains one of the most dangerous sectors .
Without protection against discrimination against these grounds , our motto to a social Europe will be dynamic , particularly in the current economic situation .
I would also like to confirm here in this House that we will provide Parliament with maximum information .
Secondly , we must not allow Serbia 's treatment as a European state class and <UNK> it every occasion .
If it is adopted in its current form , the text will give patients suffering from rare diseases , the possibility of travelling abroad and receive treatment that their country of origin must finance .
We also need to tackle another institutional issue , namely how the Commission will be appointed next Commission .
We must condemn the violent repression against the opposition and counterfeiting of the presidential elections .
in writing . - ( RO ) I believe that producers must also participate actively at EU level in the process of electrical waste electrical and electronic equipment ( WEEE ) .
Thank you for the question of pensioners .
I am pleased that the Commissioner has pointed out the fact that the European Union budget is not the same as national budgets .
A clear definition of the <UNK> of animal feed in the Community method of traffic will facilitate farmers ' farmers ' farmers ' best decisions on the choice of the right type of feed .
The first point I would like to underline this , applies to reforms .
We are able to introduce so-called <UNK> for the purposes of the imperialists , in other words , a national budget , to fund the fund to stabilise the automotive industry .
The situation in Africa is closed .
I hope you will be able to take this information .
Agenda for next sitting : see Minutes
It acts , but must be supported by adequate resources , so we must work to build our capacity and capabilities , both in military and military , and we will try at least to play our role as we can .
Let us not be afraid of this .
Where did we had on 23 October 2006 when it was <UNK> to be extradited to <UNK> <UNK> ?
This has proved a successful system .
It is not true that the number of asylum seekers are in line with the total number of chapters ; they were around one tenth of the total .
Thirdly , we must develop a new concept of European solidarity .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats opposes discrimination will always work towards overcoming it , but we must be allowed to go back to Parliament about how we can achieve it .
In its communication on the ceiling provided by December 2007 , the Commission called on Member States to commit themselves more effectively to the spread of literacy and research in this area .
The summit was carefully drawn up by the External Action Service in close cooperation with the Commission and the two presidents , on the basis of the discussions in the European Council and the Council on Russia as a strategic partner in January 2010 and in January 2011 , the results of the previous summit and the World Trade Organisation in February in February .
We voted in favour of the current reports , because it will not only make sense of Denmark to conclude the agreements that wants to go and to act in another way in the current circumstances .
When we expect a standard that involves minimum wage dumping for interpretation ?
( Applause )
That is why , in terms of climate change , the fight against deforestation is an important priority .
The 600 600 police officers Agency for civil crisis management in the United Nations ' approach , so the increased flexibility , flexibility and interoperability of the police elements in the EU .
We believe that many of the opinions we have heard on this subject , including in this House , are wrong .
We therefore supported the original draft resolution on a joint resolution tabled .
Although this is a compromise solution related to both victims of Parliament and the Council , it also prevented the introduction of a <UNK> system ' which would have serious consequences for EU funding programmes .
It is therefore a major issue - whether the proposal envisaged a number of EU countries or is also a serious step towards building a separate military bloc as NATO 's competition ?
The universities are facing 6 % of 6 % , and Britain does not make an exception , because the Council in England , the Council acknowledged that the possible reduction in the funding for university education funds can reach 500 million euros up to EUR 500 million .
Is it not the goal of the European Union and the Treaty of Lisbon that it is not to protect small countries ?
That is why I voted in favour of the report on the application of patients ' rights in cross-border healthcare .
However , citizens must be of at least a quarter of Member States - the number of citizens of each Member State must be at least equal to the number of MEPs from this Member State , which is the highest age , and citizens must be entitled to vote on their own elections .
The problem of counterfeit medicines does not have any regard to intellectual property .
In other countries , we have <UNK> the resolution of the African Union .
It is therefore crucial now to support our farmers and to encourage European products that meet high standards and safe .
EU level should not be at the expense of the quality of healthcare or the <UNK> choice made by Member States .
The next item is Question Time ( <UNK> ) .
I am also afraid of the fact that everything was just a bad minority , but you are here , Mr Barroso .
In the end of 24 March 1949 , starting a wave of deportation from the Ukrainian authorities , resulting in thousands of <UNK> , <UNK> and Lithuanians are being held by their home countries .
According to our vision , patients are not simply subject to services provided by health workers nor are subject to financial interests by the pharmaceutical industry .
It does not deal with the causes of the depth in depth , nor seek solutions .
It is also about the role of Eurocontrol , which we believe we must find a complete distinction in order to ensure its good governance and control of the provision of services .
In future , we will have to review the EU budgetary framework in order to be able to find common resources for action , indeed , the speed of reforms .
We also develop our relations with Iraq .
That is why I tabled an amendment calling on the Commission to recognise these marginalised communities .
The lesson provided by Member States in the euro area without being ready to think we should consider hard to reflect on a realistic time with time limits .
Of course , we can be proud of the fact that the idea of the European Union is taking forward , but on the other , on the other hand , we must be aware that this project must never end , because the world will never move , because Europe is moving forward , as the citizens of the European Union , and will continue to use them the opportunities that are increasingly involved in their own internal market .
The common foreign and common economic policy are the necessary objectives of the European integration process .
I am sorry to say unfortunately because intervention from such a kind of type of affairs implies a rather difficult situation .
Documents received : see Minutes
In December , I will also be told 17 years since I came to the war in Sweden , which <UNK> my country , has turned my home country and turned out , tents and <UNK> , to this together , as a neighbours in the <UNK> .
A day of girls , for example , to encourage young women to take technical professions because it is in these <UNK> professions , and at the same time , the Portuguese society are not fully aware of the full spectrum for women .
It is important to find the best possible solution for the contractual relations at international level and , at the same time , to provide more information in situations where this type of species are available .
There is no question of how we are going to be voting on .
I hope that , as a result of the crisis , the trend for reducing the budget will not be increased , because we will then be even more and more difficult .
This must be the basis of our bilateral relations .
In order to achieve this , conditions must be imposed on the third countries with which the European Union has trade agreements , and they must be similar to the standards imposed on European internal market .
On the other hand , we are not talking about the first time and unacceptable behaviour of the regime in Burma .
It was promised that consultations will be held in this Parliament on the philosophy of future financing for the future financing of the Union and how it can be .
So if you want during the Hungarian Presidency to discuss the policies and of Hungary , we are ready and we are not prepared to have our lowest causes us at least .
Over the last two years , over the young people have died just because they were Christians , as they were not heard .
The situation in the Caucasus must be taken seriously at the next summit between the EU and Russia .
Countries are not in terms of the application of the Council .
The situation in Haiti is extremely serious , having been taken into account , after all efforts of the international community , do not helped to improve the situation in the country , has ruled out of the civil war and natural disasters , and now also the epidemic epidemic .
The financial crisis was conceived by behaviour , based on short-term profits , <UNK> and a lack of responsibility .
I am therefore grateful to the Hungarian Government and the Hungarian Government .
( HU ) Madam President , I , too , would like to congratulate the rapporteur .
Moreover , the rule reads to speak out and we have given the floor to 10 .
At that time , it is very clear that we have taken a coordinated approach in the defence of the marine environment - on the protection of this wilderness , the final outcome that is now being brought about .
Thank you .
However , some of the worst effects were highlighted by older women , women in rural areas and elsewhere .
However , precisely because we still have no full confidence in the government of Kazakhstan with regard to the rule of law , we must insist on the investigation of the case .
In the past , sanctions have had a weak impact in Belarus and elsewhere .
I still want to believe that it is possible to change the European policy of European politics .
The public companies will gladly be sending patients worse if there is a rich opportunity for treatment .
Last year , we have been talking about the results of Copenhagen , or in order to be more precise , for the lack of results .
During the previous talks we had had , Mr Van Rompuy , we found that action taken by the European Council were not the best one that Europe can offer .
Progress has been too small over the last five years .
I do not agree that we must adopt decisions at European level on problems that Member States have different terms with their Christian traditions .
We propose something that we expect will hopefully allow people to believe that it will be better and hope that what is lacking in Belarus from 19 December .
The free movement is one of the most important freedoms that the European Union is based .
Assistance for development from 1 billion USD 1 billion , which has been <UNK> for Africa for 60 years , is only a cause of becoming more <UNK> .
It is not perfect and it is not everything we would like , but we believe it is a good step in the right direction .
The procedure on the relocation and guarantees proposed by the Committee on Legal Affairs are a very similar similar to the directive .
It has become common public values such as information and culture in real commodities , which create profit , created by creating a geographical empire , accompanied by several television and television , insurance companies , insurance companies and banks .
I call on you to give a great deal of support to the report tomorrow .
I wish the Commission success in the next year .
In the meantime , many things are already being discussed at EU level , particularly in relation to increasing awareness , the collection of information and exchange of good practices .
If the European Union wants to achieve its political objectives and intentions , it needs a political awareness , the civilian dialogue and the <UNK> public debate .
However , all these issues are actually affecting the <UNK> and <UNK> of the <UNK> of the <UNK> - all those who have been affected .
However , I do not understand why the issue of combating violence against women should be dealt with together with the issue of choice .
We are fully examining the various opportunities of the European Union , including the centre in the city of <UNK> , in Finland ( Lapland ) and , above all , the role that could have this new centre .
I welcome the conclusions of the Committee on Transport and Tourism and Tourism in the report , and I can assure you that many questions are already working on the Commission through various activities , such as the proposal on the implementation of the vessels for ships , which is an important element of the common maritime transport area without external transport .
I believe that we must ensure that the cages of cages should be fully banned on 1 January 2012 .
As the rapporteur for the European Parliament , I sincerely hope that , on the basis of this report , Parliament and the upcoming Commission 's upcoming communication , the Hungarian Presidency will succeed in drawing up a strategy that is really in the spirit of the Community spirit and which will determine this Community economic group 's economic group , not by promoting the directives as a level playing field of legal opportunities such as the legal nature of citizens , in the situation .
Because of these penalties used in the event of Member States , which are already difficult in a financial situation , could have a disproportionate effect on the economies of these countries ...
If the international public prosecutor were to be completed , the international public will , of course , act quickly , with a move on the European Union .
It is also important to emphasise the leading position that the Spanish system has the European health system on this issue .
We are able to use emergency cases such as the protection of human rights , in order to make a long list of problems .
We are also strange , but to the European Commission today , the necessary arguments nor the time to influence the Italian Government to put an end to the linguistic discrimination .
The Commission must ensure that EU aid is consistent with the objectives and objectives at international level .
The European Union is a firm supporter of the ICC , which promotes the determination and is an expression of the universal status of the Rome status , legitimacy and strengthening the legitimacy of international judicial trials .
It would help all and allow the crisis to be a major project for Europe .
At the same time , the lessons of over 10 years of the EMU and the recent impact of the crisis impose an obstacle , but at the same time the evaluation required .
The EU and the Member States must therefore increase energy efficiency , particularly in the buildings and transport sectors .
Things will not develop well with the current interest rates .
That is why our group is taking a clear position on this .
There is a solution .
In today 's globalised world where the technical developments have such a short life , facilitating cooperation in science and the area will benefit both sides .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
The <UNK> is said that , if you were to say 10 000 provisions , we have been <UNK> about the law .
It is particularly worrying that human rights defenders were murdered and journalists not only in the Northern Caucasus , but also in Russia as a whole .
We should also tackle minimum income in the Member States ' question and should seek solutions to best practice .
For example , the concept of the family is too widespread and there is a danger of being misused .
We must find instruments to support the development of a democratic system in Cuba and convey the Cuban people of the Cuban values relating to building a democratic democracy and society .
I would like to highlight the importance of the bottom-up approach in the field of innovation .
It is not just a question of youth but also about a wider understanding that includes issues relating to young people , as well as education and professional qualifications in the medium term .
We have great expectations of the Council in the coming days and we expect effective action to tackle problems in this critical period .
The request for a commitment from the Commission in a short period of time to meet all the requests for legislative initiatives should be welcomed , as the increasing importance of the European Parliament as co-legislator , mostly in areas such as regional policy .
I have been going to conclude , Madam President , because it is difficult to speak in these circumstances .
The free market must not stop us doing what is right for workers .
I believe that this is the best way we can help Greece in a very difficult situation where it is currently happening in the budget and debt .
Finally , at the European Council and the European Commission , it would be good to protect religious faith in all the parties involved .
It is therefore important that it is in a responsible way to reduce the difference between school and organic farming .
Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council : see Minutes
We expect the best discipline and the greatest courage to win the World Cup .
A huge effort has been made and the budget to be made in line with the Lisbon Strategy to ensure that more resources are available in the draft budget for the Commission 's programme for lifelong learning , because there is one question that we must ask ourselves , namely , whether this budget is useful budget is useful : this budget is a useful budget of European citizens .
The strict standards and the reluctance of change that often support the pretext of a company and tradition can not be adopted , but on the contrary , must be regarded as obstacles to the development of the Mediterranean region .
The city of the city of <UNK> city in Poland , but the problem is larger than the two Polish shipyards .
Of course , the members of the parliament have been calling for the closure of Guantánamo so that we welcome the announcement of President Obama and we have welcomed the difficulties when we were left behind the <UNK> of George Bush .
National bodies must make further tougher checks to all forms of <UNK> .
Although we can not expect the right of this agreement , it represents a step in the right direction , and so I supported this report .
All the Member States are the challenge of the safety of patients , which are faced with and have been measures to tackle the problem .
The support was very broad in many respects .
Today , our task is to decide whether we have been consulted yet another step , or we are in the same situation .
Mr President , the <UNK> was the ideology created by our form .
In the case of Greece , we have capacity to see and monitor its austerity programme .
( The sitting was suspended at <UNK> and resumed at 21.00 )
Therefore , an obvious restructuring would result in large losses for the company and its workers and also to the negative consequences of negative consequences in the whole sector and the money of taxpayers ' money .
This is a serious ethical issue .
You have done a lot of things .
The plan for anchovy stocks in the Bay of Biscay and for fishing vessels aimed at this dreadful plan - the <UNK> plan for the Atlantic horse mackerel and fishing vessels aimed at preventing this disease - to prevent the quality and <UNK> of fishing and fishing fleets in the Baltic Sea , <UNK> and <UNK> - in the <UNK> and <UNK> Region ( debate ) in the area of <UNK> and in the area of the area of the area ( debate )
We see the Islam in which we see the ethnic religion becomes clear .
In this respect , there has been significant deficiencies in this respect : a more ambitious energy crisis in Europe in the time of the dispute between Russia and Ukraine could have been overcome in one way or another ; the management of the crisis in the Middle East , I believe was more than a little bit more than <UNK> .
Robert Mugabe , which was politically <UNK> for the rights of the <UNK> population , today is a dictator , responsible for the collapse of the economy , hunger and terror in the country .
He was well known and <UNK> .
It must build up the EU 's regional political partnership for peace , security and development in the Horn of Africa ' , which the Committee on Development , launched with its adoption in April 2007 .
However , in this case , we must preserve the tradition of this <UNK> of the <UNK> sites really are being felt within the EU .
The Commission and the Spanish Presidency will also take part .
- ( NL ) Madam President , the European Union should have a fair trade policy and this is true for bananas , among other things .
In my opinion , ICCAT should set additional control systems for their programmes : the application should not be possible to remove the <UNK> before the Mediterranean Sea ; it should not be allowed to be allowed to fish in the Mediterranean Sea , which is worth the commercial value of bluefin tuna .
Perhaps one of the first measures that we should adopt is to increase penalties imposed on these criminals , as it is obviously not a question of mediation <UNK> - this is a crime that criminals with the <UNK> <UNK> ' who want to achieve profits .
In my opinion , we will ensure that the future CAP is a policy that is the sectoral policy will provide solutions , much more specific sectors and that , in this way , the budget allocated to the CAP will be allocated to the CAP , be strengthened and provided European added value .
One common link between the two databases would be sufficient .
So we will always have to make choices .
The Pacific States of the Pacific States have an area of great imbalances , which are largely different , socially and culture are being felt by this Europe .
We will need even longer time to convince societies who are <UNK> by the <UNK> propaganda .
I would like to know whether this is true and whether the representatives of large companies will take part in the negotiations on the part of the coin .
On 9 December 2009 , the <UNK> of Jordan was initialled .
It is of critical importance that this money will come to small and medium-sized enterprises ( this was mentioned one of the speakers before me and , as soon as possible , because they only have a lot and many of them can not wait .
There will be a new President and this new President of President of the European Union and the European Parliament .
The financial and real economy are not two autonomous systems .
What do the Council and the Commission do to emerge from this situation ?
How can these ambitious strategies be implemented , when the Commission 's position is not aware of the most important role ?
The release of Farai Maguwu is , in fact , in the interests of Zimbabwe , and I hope that the authorities will be held in our call on this issue .
The Structural Fund for Energy Efficiency ( <UNK> ) operates since 1991 and has encouraged the investments in energy efficiency in energy efficiency .
Immediately after the Court of Justice of the Court of Justice of the European Union , the Commission has taken a written question of intent on Italian authorities on what measures are being done or replaced by the aim of meeting the decision .
After the last enlargement , the Black Sea is already the EU 's Sea .
However , the report also draws attention to the strong reaction of Russia to the strong reaction of Georgia in South Ossetia , and the <UNK> of the Russian armed forces in Abkhazia .
At the same time , some elements of the planned or <UNK> measures to improve aviation safety requirements and the safety requirements of aviation safety .
In these conditions , even the <UNK> elections ' is not in line with reality .
Finally , I hope that this can be achieved by the end of this parliamentary term .
I support the European Commission 's proposal to create a European strategy , a response to prevention and treatment for people who live with the <UNK> capability ( <UNK> ) and people of their tax .
This report is absurd .
( PL ) Mr President , I am convinced that our strong humanitarian resolution will contribute to reducing Europe 's <UNK> <UNK> .
Thirdly , military action in South Ossetia have shown that there is no such thing as the most serious conflict .
After all , it was not difficult to agree on some simple principles : simple principles :
Madam President , we all support directives that help save lives , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his report , which seems clear in principle , but is actually a complex point of view .
It is regrettable that we have a little bit of our innovative SMEs , and that there are fewer companies and that there are less new , innovative companies with industrial research and development ( LNG ) than in the United States .
Our position is that we must stop the <UNK> <UNK> , which requires the use of state subsidies within a period of time .
So there is a clear difference .
The Hungarian Presidency presented a detailed list of priorities .
The report also highlights the need for a consolidated and defining the national status of the minority status .
Madam President , the UK Government 's position in terms of both the European Arrest Warrant and the European Arrest Warrant is that they clearly feel absolutely right - and quite rightly - to do what is best for crime .
( IT ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the membership of Croatia in the European Union underlines the creation of a European identity capable of expressing our new values which involves , instead , rather than <UNK> , to their numerous inhabitants .
The citizens who are asking citizens about all the projects can explain to the fact that they were given a lot of political level , but in practice , none of these promises was not perfect .
It is a fact that , after the <UNK> of the <UNK> , we can not afford to act in the decision-making decision that will be its candidate .
This means that we must be on the table .
Ladies and gentlemen , our determination to respect both the letter and the spirit of the Treaty of Lisbon was the choice of the Union 's future , investment in the increasingly European cooperation .
Finally , particular attention should be paid to women who are affected by this severe disease for more than men .
This approach implies sufficient scope for manoeuvre in carrying out individual requirements .
I would actually like to emphasise that one of the previous agreements - this was an agreement which was presented to the most important data , which , in fact , protects the data .
We must therefore strengthen our cooperation in order to fight more effectively with terrorism .
These considerations must not , however , jeopardise the sustainability of the budget and the most important areas that are crucial to every institution .
Of course , they are very much .
I do not think that it is a solution because , in my opinion , Member States will not have the means to have the means to undertake specific measures in the outermost regions without the existence of the common agricultural policy and a Community approach .
Wales also suffers from a high level of unemployment and will be severely affected by the forthcoming redundancies in the public sector by the UK Government .
The problem is to tackle the fact that at global level , European competition policy makers have been able to fight strong <UNK> with the strong <UNK> of the Middle East , and , in fact , this policy of competition , we have experienced a disastrous industry in Europe , because we have succeeded in bringing it closer to compete with the <UNK> industries .
There will be many ways to do this - without necessarily the necessary financial resources - and I will be happy to see this issue .
The collection and exchange of data on effective strategies , policies and actions will help to make the government 's support and various sectors .
What happens in Cuba is a disgrace for everyone who are part of the policy that are the most serious in the <UNK> of this <UNK> .
Do we have the arrangements we are using them too much and encourage them to remain outside the European Union , while also the countries of the European Union are encouraged to leave it to leave it ?
No one wants to understand - but if these amendments are adopted , the result of the proposal will be <UNK> .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .
In the interests of legal certainty , we must have the same rights in all the same rights throughout Europe for the most disadvantaged cases and must have binding information on these rights .
The item is closed .
I believe that particularly in a financial and financial crisis , it is our duty to look at this area closely and respond to the wishes and needs of the population in this respect , because , at the end of the day , the end of the man and not nature , but should be complementary .
As Mr Trichet said , French and German , the euro is much more than a currency : it is our common destiny .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , 200 000 dead , 250 000 injured 000 injured , 3 million people directly affected by the earthquake , 2 million people are struggling : this is the terrible consequences of the terrible disaster that Haiti has hit Haiti .
Last but not least , Iceland 's accession can lead to a coherent and effective European policy in the region .
The Minister said that the idea of jointly <UNK> sites have been dealt with .
For example , in some EU Member States , there was a mass mass wage , trained workers who have been made significant investments in those Member States .
<UNK> in the Internet offer greater opportunities for unfair practices such as fraud , match-fixing of results of meetings and the illegal risk of illegal pollution , because the Internet can be created and very quickly .
Firstly , the vote in plenary on the key plenary on the amendments I believe that the paragraphs of paragraphs 7 7 , 31 and 34 .
I would like to look at two elements of the media law .
I welcome the wording of Article 15 , which must ensure that the effort to control of tobacco is particularly protected against commercial interests of the <UNK> industry .
( Heckling )
In Copenhagen , something more than just a statement of intent should be reached in Copenhagen .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , the time of the atrocities in the light of the recession today 's fears of the euro , which we have been grateful .
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) has been the most <UNK> agreement on the conservation of wilderness globally .
So , on the first time for a five-year term of Parliament , let me say how we , as Parliament , should consider the question of Turkey .
We have a very good experience in this dialogue and we believe that it works well .
I would like to point out , however , that the European Securities and Markets Authority should be made available to such staff , which will really enable it to perform its tasks effectively to happen with the small number of employees who are expected to carry out almost <UNK> tasks .
It is pointless to believe that simply the <UNK> of the transition of the communities with a different state can create a country .
( Heckling )
Many of them quite weak respect for human rights and democracy , including - to mention just a few of them - Cuba , China , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Nicaragua , <UNK> and Iran as a potential candidate .
The truth is that the EU must be consulted and requires the countries which help to respect fundamental human rights as freedom of expression and freedom of the press .
Mrs Geoghegan-Quinn , probably in this context , you can give some impetus to this trade agreement together with this trade agreement is also established to create a forward-looking research programme .
The Council will , under the Treaty , take decisions on the basis of so-called <UNK> ' .
If Member States do not achieve results in this programme , the competitiveness of the EU as a whole will suffer .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
In other words , for example , in Germany , it is also <UNK> companies , and businesses are taking the main part of the costs .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the leader of the opposition leader in Burma , Mrs San Suu Kyi , from <UNK> , following her release of the arrest warrant , has still been <UNK> in our eye .
I am convinced that the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU ) and , in particular , the members of it and 291 , strengthens the democratic nature of the Union and its military regime .
Is it right to work with a compulsory binding figure and , if we should not think about something else ?
What principles and rules should be established to provide assistance ?
We can therefore expect a nuclear accident of the reactor every 25 years .
I would like to stress that terrorism does not have any kind of religion .
The regulation must be revised and quickly .
What we MEPs can do in such situations is to turn to the European Commission and then wait a few weeks for response .
Adequate measures and appropriate financial instruments to increase their competitiveness , improving access to information and participation in research programmes .
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance abstained from the vote .
Up to 2050 , our planet will probably be home to GBP <UNK> million people today , more than ever , <UNK> , that agricultural producers will have to produce 70 % more food .
However , it can be done to do much more in the area of energy efficiency and , therefore , I welcome this report .
The Commission proposes to revise the regulatory framework .
This report does not show any competence in terms of the phenomenon and risk ; we do not manage to hide them .
The Fourth United Nations conference on the least developed countries ( LDCs ) should be put to the coordination of development policies , as it is an important factor in reducing poverty reduction .
Documents received : see Minutes
The European Commission proposal is not properly justified when it comes to the question of why this is needed additional funding .
In Portugal , the bank has been cut off by 18 % in the first quarter of this year .
The US against the United States , which has already been actively involved in the CIA Committee on the CIA two years ago , has come back to the flights for flights in Europe .
For the first time , the Council is present on the discharge of the budget .
( HU ) Colleagues , food safety is a fundamental goal of the European Union , but this is a bad compromise .
The Member States must enjoy as possible as possible by funds allocated to tackle situations that restrict business and have social consequences .
( Applause and from certain blocks )
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the regulation for European private companies , which is due to adopt , complements the framework for species that should be regulated at European level .
We in the European Union can not act if we adopt rules that are not shared by other countries , they will put the European economy in a globalised globalised world where we live .
It must be a way of finding a way of living with a <UNK> that does not necessarily mean that it does not agree with its way of action .
We do not have any attempt to take any measures .
In the early growth survey , we also have seen the need to deepening the reform of the internal market reform .
The vote will take place today at 12 noon .
I voted in favour of the 2010 progress report on Iceland 's progress in 2010 because I believe we must support the accession of one of the EU 's democracies to the most important circumstances , when it is necessary for the conditions - for example , the suspension of trade and trade in the <UNK> - are met .
Social economy are an integral part of the Commission 's social policy .
Thank you very much , Prime Minister .
We are on the way to achieve our communication .
I am not , in fact , happy with the number of points that have been made available until the way in which the documents receives access to documents .
All of these steps have been made as essential elements of Parliament 's role .
Let me end with a brief remark .
I would like to say a few words about the economic partnership and the Transatlantic Economic Council ( TEC ) .
The distinction between Christians and Muslims becomes increasingly frequent , and the blasphemy law on the subject of many acts that violate fundamental freedoms .
I fully support the observations and remarks of the author on the introduction and implementation of Community law in the Member States .
Consumer Protection ( vote )
This proposal concerns the mobilisation of a total amount of EUR 1 <UNK> for helping Lithuania to provide assistance to workers made redundant in the sector working in the civil construction sector .
This <UNK> has already led to the street .
In order to promote South Korea to the opening up of its market prices , the EU 's prices were removed , except in the three product of the product , railways and the <UNK> .
The ongoing authorities in Iran would deny this cruel culture and history .
They concern justice and claims for compensation damages the application of the law .
His kind of conduct was not even provided by its high-ranking officials , including its ambassadors .
We have a very strong structured dialogue organised by the European Economic and Social Committee and I have taken a very close debate with them only two weeks ago .
The high levels of mortality mortality in bee mortality caused by the <UNK> and the most acute problem of the destruction of families unfortunately will unfortunately not disappear .
The balance between economic and social interests is not only very important , but also very difficult .
Today , we are seeing violence against Christians , which is a cause of deep concern today .
However , if we do not look at the new challenges in the strategy , we are all taking a great risk .
Tomorrow , it will probably affect the last <UNK> .
The Council decided to suspend the community 's isolation and facilitate the reunification of Cyprus , promoting economic development of the <UNK> community .
The Cancún conference showed that the UN can really achieve results .
( FR ) Mr President , during this period of economic recession , it was important to continue to show solidarity towards developing countries .
The persecution of France in military structures , as well as the efforts made by the European Security and Defence Policy , provide an excellent opportunity for harmonising European security strategies and possible new strategies for NATO .
Something , which also causes concern this year , is the control of the third pillar of the European Development Fund , namely the joint management of organisations .
The events of recent weeks have shown that security security security is a very important task for the Member States and that we must take all the necessary measures .
We have received 6 and 7 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and all Member States to fight against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation .
I am thinking in particular of the <UNK> , rail networks , the smart grids , the networks , the networks of the networks and the whole system of small and medium-sized enterprises , particularly in the maritime sector , in the aquaculture sector , such as 45 000 hectares of water , since the construction sector was caused by the sea .
( RO ) Mr President , I would like to start by expressing my deep sympathy to the Japanese people .
Unfortunately , the Commission is not able to accept this proposal .
- Madam President , I voted for the resolution on the Economic Partnership Agreement ( EPA ) because , through the transatlantic partnership , we can help other countries to make the benefits of economic progress .
We must act , and act quickly .
That is why it was necessary to make the current legislative framework whereby we have adopted by amending the directive on the marketing of certain products and , secondly , to fill the gaps at Community level .
In relations with the International Criminal Court , the rule of law are leading .
This form unacceptable violence against women and should be taken to bring together such trafficking , to protect victims of trafficking and persecution of perpetrators .
I mentioned a few times that hundreds of people were subjected to the Tibetan police and have received serious injuries , such as the people were arrested and a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred months in which it was proven to be innocent .
We wanted to keep this wording , as we believe that we do not need a new legislation at UN level , which is to deal with the concept of religions , which we already have international standards , which is the most important international standards for preventing religious minorities .
Mr Orbán , Prime Minister and defending your protection is not convince me .
I particularly welcome the draft agreement in the new agreement that requires the President of the Commission to carry out thoroughly reflect on the fact that Parliament withdrew its credibility in a separate Commissioner .
Petitions : see Minutes
Let us be careful to ensure the new economic strategy set out the European Union 2020 , not to become a complex one .
I do not want to comment on whether Britain would be better in a situation outside the EU .
The costs of treatment in another Member State is being awarded in the country where the patient is a phrase , but they are restricted to the amount that would be paid to such religious persecution ...
The Baltic countries that are isolated by the rest of Europe are left to the collapse of the gas suppliers of Eastern Europe .
I think we in the European Union must be very sceptical and understand what responsibility our national governments are responsible .
in writing . - ( RO ) I voted for the report on the proposal for a directive on the management of the Council on spent fuel and radioactive waste management , as nuclear security in the EU depends on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste .
This means that they are also more able to cope with a real competition environment , not just dependent on special help .
Finally , history shows us that , in the <UNK> conflict , as in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the political solution is the only hope of peace .
Finally , I would like to say that it is personally clear from itself that , as far as we can help the poorest among the poor .
However , last week in Ireland we saw that banks still rely on from taxpayers .
I voted in favour of this report as , in the Community budget , the Committee on Budgetary Control presented by the Committee on Budgets on Budgets , is designed to increase the funding for the European Parliament 's financing of priorities , such as the Innovation process , the peace process in the Middle East and Palestine for the Lifelong Learning programme , and the Competitiveness programme for Competitiveness and competitiveness .
I understand that this is a diplomatic issue between two countries that are not even members of the European Union , but it has a serious impact on the citizens of the European Union who are interested in Libya to help live in order to help live .
( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , we must undoubtedly emphasise the importance of applying the ILO conventions , but unfortunately I am afraid that our ruling system , namely free competition , becomes free labour market itself and therefore in a commodity .
This is a change that will improve the quality of the atmosphere and significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Madam President , the International Criminal Court conference is a <UNK> and significant event for the development of the justice itself and , in a broader sense , international criminal justice .
I call for the role of the role that everyone has a systemic method of <UNK> in the context of bluefin tuna in a new , fairer distribution of quotas and tougher measures .
We want to do things in our way , but we want to engage with you and we need help .
Is this not the case where we are seeing this situation means a <UNK> in terms of a person 's own name ?
We understand that climate change is decreasing and that climate change is becoming a simple issue .
Good luck !
In Poland , this is mainly linked to the enormous potential , created by the massive improvement of new and old buildings in terms of efficiency and , secondly , to the <UNK> <UNK> of old <UNK> plants in areas with <UNK> power plants .
In my opinion , changes made in the agreement have not been fully underestimated .
( Applause )
The fight for gender equality is a delicate battle in all our countries .
It is possible to reach a balanced compromise , creating an instrument that can be tackled by this type of criminal activity , and create strict policies , including a prison period of 10 to 10 years and the <UNK> of the crime .
I have asked me to read the statement in your reply that we need to provide various levels of distribution to countries and in geographical areas .
It is because of Europe that it is partly due to the fact that we themselves lose our most basic values here .
The Commission has provided technical assistance to the Kosovo Office .
Its functioning is based on the concept of solidarity .
First of all , I would like to express my great thanks for the Court of Auditors ' work .
Above all , there was positive developments and negative developments .
The development of cross-border transport links for the European transport network is obvious , which gives us reason to support the <UNK> between all modes of transport , particularly those where volunteering and development are <UNK> , as is the case with maritime and maritime transport .
We all have done , and the Member States , too , have a lot of work on this .
We simply had a contradiction .
It is about genuine equality of opportunities , because it should also be so easy to find a <UNK> church church in Alexandria or Ankara , as Ankara is to be built in Brussels .
In these circumstances , the summit of high-level summit could not be more advanced at a time .
I believe this joint debate has highlighted the fact that we have faced with a huge problem that brings us with a huge challenge .
One objective aimed at poverty , sending a powerful signal that the EU 's EU is obliged to provide opportunities to all the society in society , even the most vulnerable and most vulnerable people .
I would like to thank the rapporteur and hope that we have the strength of having the answer to this question : what the Internet is : what the Internet can it be regulated and if , how can it be done ?
Commissioner , I look forward to your proposals on corporate governance , which has been announced in the Green Paper , as this is another package of documents that will certainly continue to work over the coming months and years .
I believe that the agreement will pave the way for new economic benefits , whether it is for consumers , or airlines , and will strengthen cooperation between the two countries of the Atlantic , thereby also benefit the European Union .
We can not forget that increasing prices are directly affecting the incomes of fishermen .
We have done a job because , in fact , it is time for and from the follow-up guidelines set out in our communication on the Internet , I am delighted to announce that some of them already work .
We must build safe nuclear power plants and , at the same time , using the Structural Funds , to focus the agricultural communities on the link between energy , water and forestry , thereby increasing energy base .
We now continue to go .
I would like to highlight the request to the Commission to enter into agreements containing human rights clauses and respect for social , health and environmental standards , and , at the same time , ensure effective monitoring monitoring monitoring and implementation of these standards .
I would like this to be like the start of a successful partnership .
( DE ) Mr President , in 2000 , in 2000 in the world , 1 200 people died in 2000 .
I would , however , like to ask a few questions of this Parliament and to try to give some answers to this , why is why the Commission proposed a directive , which is intended to provide the ITS and , secondly , whether the initiatives at local and local level are insufficient .
It is important to find a more effective way of exiting the situation in which the Union demonstrates its strict measures , such as penalties or restrictions , but at the same time , we must not <UNK> Belarus from the rest of Europe , because the whole of society will only suffer from the EU authorities .
We must counter terrorism , but it must not be used as a <UNK> for the abolition of the rights and guarantees of citizens .
The European Commission 's policy needs a new direction .
I think Article 3 of the joint motion for a resolution which expresses the will of increasing the will of helping fishermen is of the obvious importance .
There is a need to increase public funding and develop more instruments and to promote energy efficiency .
This type of measures would therefore help to ensure a plan for the development of Greece .
Mr President , within the framework of the discussion , which is currently being held , I would like to ask for a question of the impact of the crisis on the implementation of the directive in the countries of the European Union .
More countries are moving to nuclear power for civil society and , unfortunately , for military purposes .
The Turkish Government continues to deal with terrorist forces such as terrorist forces , the attacks on the rights of Kurds .
We have been consulted now and we have been able to have some 400 opinions , since the Commission has also been taking into office , we have increased numbers of direct contacts between the Commission members and bodies .
It must be stressed that these voluntary partnership agreements in trade with timber must not go against the EU 's aim of combating climate change and must ensure sustainable use of forests , lead to the degradation of deforestation and forest degradation and forest degradation , thereby avoiding carbon dioxide emissions .
That is a shame !
However , the euro is not in isolation .
We do not need regulation , Mr <UNK> , from you like you .
We should not be surprised because the problems are beginning to be <UNK> .
However , I do not think that .
The new protocol is the establishment of 13 May 2011 and the Council of the Council is the Council 's duty of Parliament 's request for approval .
The Commissioner has been quite clear about less than anything else , but I would like to remind the Commission that transport is being paid to 25 % of CO2 emissions and therefore require urgent action .
You have been the reason for a man .
in writing . - ( NL ) Food security is , first , a defence policy .
They will contribute to reducing the volume of work and the number of documents that must be made available without infringing the principles of good financial management .
I believe that we need to concentrate on the crucial point .
However , I have tried somewhat somewhat justified .
As a result , they are saved or increased lives for millions of people .
The Commission communication raises different issues of issues such as part of the debate on possible reform of the common fisheries policy by 2012 .
We really need a policy that we have <UNK> the borders of the current crisis , and we expect from the Commission to be long-term solutions .
I know , Commissioner , that the Commission is already interfering and doing this by means of many projects and money .
Although industrial and consumer associations support Directive <UNK> on energy labelling , it can not be firm that it is in coordinating with technological advances and innovation in the energy market , because first of all , we need to emerge from this situation across Europe , so as to save the lives of new life .
We are also pleased that the paragraph will be compulsory part of the first pillar , and direct payments will be distributed between individual Member States and different agricultural sectors .
The data of data without an agreement is constantly being found for many years .
I am pleased that , in this regard , I can emphasise the progress made by Romania in this area in recent years , as the Agency for Fundamental Rights .
We believe there is a major risk of the negative effects that we hope will have a tax on financial transactions on the financial market , not to be implemented if the EU has introduced this tax tax .
We are also trying to deal with this subject again .
It certainly needs to be given a strict budget .
As these practices are misleading and the <UNK> <UNK> , and this leads to the <UNK> of society .
Around 100 requirements were successfully implemented .
( For the results and other details of the vote : see Minutes )
We need to make efforts to improve administrative cooperation between Member States .
in writing . - ( DE ) Thank the rapporteur .
Anyone who reject them - and I would like to say this very clearly - and everyone who accepts the text of this resolution , voted on the text of this resolution , voted in favour of allowing the presence of the North Pole to exercise its oppression policy in the camp , which controls .
The content of this report is a direct consequence of the current green days , according to the ideology we must put in place on the ground and the planet , and that we can not take care of the people , their needs and interests .
The new Community directive creates new challenges , pressure to modernise national health systems of the 27 Member States of the EU and clearly recognise the need for cooperation and cooperation between all medical systems in the 27 Member States of the European Union , promoting best practices , promoting cross-border health and improving improvements in cross-border healthcare .
We know that the financial crisis has become the financial groups that have suffered in greater and stronger .
Some of them are still not in the speech at the moment , and I would therefore like to express a strong protest .
This cooperation will allow the <UNK> to avoid the <UNK> and increase confidence in the forecasts that are used in the planning process .
We in this House must welcome it .
We must continue to identify and oppose all forms of censorship and protectionist policies .
The Commission is firmly convinced that deepening economic ties between the EU and the Arctic partners should always be accompanied by a commitment to respect the principles of good governance .
I can not <UNK> .
The Spanish Presidency has fulfilled the biggest institutional issues .
In fact , many times when I was voting for voting 'yes ' to the Treaty of Lisbon , Spain and Spanish people .
in writing . - The overall CAP is to be properly <UNK> to tackle the challenges in the future .
The adoption of the directive is an important result , but at the same time , its transposition transposition transposition into national law is actually the key stage of ensuring the proper implementation of the legislation by the Member States and that no barriers will be brought and barriers to the single market .
It is open to open trade and therefore it was not easy to reach agreement .
This example is not dictated by the United States , which are , of course , a ally of the EU in many areas - in fact , the case perhaps , as in the fight against the death penalty , there is no room for double standards .
In the context of the Doha Round negotiations on the WTO Doha conference , we can examine and issues relating to Singapore .
We must be aware that the Eastern Partnership requires commitment both partners and the European Union .
We must strive to integrate the Baltic Sea region closer to the Baltic Sea region , including the rail freight from Berlin to the Baltic Sea ( TEN-T ) and the sea ( TEN-T ) .
We are talking about combating terrorism , Mr <UNK> , spoke of information and data protection in his interesting and report on a regular basis during this House on 26 November .
Most importantly , it contains changes to the changes that traders should provide certain information prior to imports or exports of goods .
Although respect must be given respect for the principle of reversibility , concepts should be made available and technical solutions to finally ensure potential access and waste disposal , or if progress in research has led to new technological solutions such as <UNK> .
However , I regret that the minimum provision for the minimum of all products , including those with a minimum of 30 months ( Article 15 ) , was not adopted .
In this respect , we still have some difficult discussions on how this will be reflected in the various sectors in the various sectors - the energy sector , transport and housing - in Member States .
The decisions on the Spanish Presidency are therefore very important because they will determine our political way of doing , as well as the effectiveness of the European Union .
( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , thank you , but overall , I think the Commission believes that the time is appropriate to review the guidelines you have just mentioned , because they have already been more than ten years .
In fact , Parliament must play an important role in the way it will take place in research .
We are aware that the information we have been aware , communication and dialogue are better , the majority .
When this happens , we are once again in the pressure due to pressure from the United States .
We are also facing major challenges .
The whole world knows and recognises the EU 's key role in humanitarian aid .
( BG ) Mr President , the gas crisis , which has been in the beginning of 2009 , has reached the highest level of a humanitarian situation for Bulgaria , which is not an alternative to gas supply of gas supply .
In the case of the reform of reforms , the introduction of the collapse of the old system , which was a source of even greater costs .
In the Europe 2020 strategy , the priority is , first and foremost , investment in work .
Written statements ( Rule 149 )
I have a request to the rich and <UNK> .
Mr President , I am grateful for the opportunity to discuss the final state of accession process of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
We must express the emphasis on the Commission 's major gaps in implementing competitiveness programmes and innovation programmes , in particular , at a time of economic crisis , which makes it difficult to increase the need to increase the need for such support .
in writing . - I support this report , which calls for responsibility and clear rules for Europe .
Other elements have provided certain elements of information , mainly concerning the costs of providing legal assistance and translation .
Perhaps this is good .
The technical opportunities of banks are being paid as the main reason for this , because these are all technical solutions , I would like to say , however , that the technical modernisation of banks is in the interests of the banking sector and the banks themselves , because they are thus pursuing their banking market systems and increase their profits .
The arrest of Judge Afiuni is the sad reminder of the negative attitude of Venezuela to Venezuela .
I would like to thank all the speakers for their comments .
We believe that this will be a very strong signal , both to the Belarusian authorities and to civil society , the media and all those who fight for the democratic development of the country .
What specific opportunities we have , as the European Union , to provide more support ?
Secondly , I would like to address the issue of the Gaza Strip .
Mr President , I would also like to start by saying that , in my opinion , it is time to submit a proposal for a review of the energy efficiency plan and , if there are any doubts , I think that we are discussing here today will clarify things here .
It coincides with humanitarian disaster and requires immediate action .
For many of Bulgaria , it has been made more effort to fight crime .
Unfortunately , it is obvious that the digital and modern life are the survival of these useful .
I will respond to some of your questions that have already been raised in my final remarks .
In order to achieve the target of 2050 , the target of no further degrees of 2 degrees Celsius will have to restrict the level of 0.7 % by up to 30 % by 2020 , which would not be a growth effort until 2020 .
Our health is maintained by a healthy environment and a climate .
The review will also increase the effectiveness of the procedures for cooperation and control of customs administrations , thanks to the general system which will help prevent the prevention , investigation and prosecution of serious violations of national legislation .
( FR ) Mr President , I just want to point out that , when voting on the original text , the French <UNK> Joint Undertaking .
While cohesion policy plays a significant role in efforts to tackle the economic crisis and climate change , the Council proposed significantly reducing the payment appropriations for this policy in 2010 .
The UfM can help to decide , but it can not be misused for the decision nor should it be blocked by those who have done .
We have heard three different figures , the paragraph that we must vote on now .
It is crucial that we make progress in the direction and sustainable development of the Millennium Development Goals is also essential .
Commissioner , we in our recommendations , want detailed information which the budget lines are used and planned for cooperation with Libya .
I will therefore also ask the European Commission to carry out long-term and comprehensive research into the Chernobyl disaster .
The EU took a solution on the exploitation of workers in the situation of the workers is suffering and makes it difficult to believe that there is a need for a clear , uniform provisions in criminal law in all sectors and in the most sensitive sectors .
The second issue concerns actions that need to be taken by local authorities .
The Interim Agreement between Papua New Guinea , Fiji and the European Community was signed on 14 December 2007 .
Responsibility for public statements made by Members of this House belongs and , above all , to the people who do .
This is a clear expression of the Member States ' responsibility and the EU in terms of the <UNK> .
Among other things , the Commission must use this method to propose ways of implementing the new horizontal horizontal social clause in Article 9 of the Treaty of Lisbon .
We must also bear in mind the progress made by the authorities in Tripoli , which successfully <UNK> the direction of isolation from isolation and the embargo to openness and economically powerful and diplomatic contacts .
The next week is the European SME Week .
This support is essential if we want to overcome certain shortcomings in the legislative phase of this first phase - yet during their adoption , following Parliament 's consultation .
In these cases , the problem simply becomes worse and the <UNK> is becoming a rapidly changing .
The EU 's speech in the broader sense , and it is precisely why I can therefore argue that the various forms of totalitarianism that have been mentioned , its various forms of forms in different countries .
Lastly , tax havens can be taken in the field of tax havens .
I am surprised that the failure of negotiations is not due to the figures , but of the refusal to take place in practice on the common future of the Member States , in other words , the future of Europe .
The proposals for amendments to the regulations include , particularly during the current economic crisis , regulations for simplifying the rules on using the funds .
In the assessments they can only cover the global demand for food and a half .
Prior to this European Constitution , a referendum was rejected in France and the Netherlands .
We believe that we should have been able to make savings possible .
This was not only consultation with Parliament , with its members and committees responsible for cars , between dealers and consumers , but also consultation with Member States and all interested parties involved and all others who have chosen to express their views .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I would like to thank many Members for their views .
In preparing for the next G20 meeting , these recent months , we have had a negative activity in these past months , which had to implement the institution .
They may be used to find farms , but they are not used to restore a good name of the good faith , and that costs me greatly - as I do not only know about the <UNK> of supply , but the entire country has been .
We are ready to discuss our own challenges in the Council on human rights , to share experience and to propose support those who work towards better respect for human rights throughout the world .
The aim of the Paris Convention on International Affairs is to regulate frequency , quality and procedures of international waters that fall within the scope .
<UNK> agreements between the EU and this country , which have not been implemented in the 20 years , should have been taken , especially at a time of global financial risk .
Today 's vote is not perfect for the Americans : Parliament will remain vigilant in the coming months , particularly with regard to the procedure of Europol , the establishment of the Europol , which will be in Washington , and the creation of a European Terrorist Finance Tracking Program ( Terrorist ) .
Mr President , I think the European Union has become too great and involves itself too many cultures , and it is simply not the capacity of the system as a whole and things are being built .
The strategic partnership with Russia , which we talk to some , must focus on shared values ; otherwise there is no point in mind .
The uprisings in the United States , Japan and North Korea have the right to accept such laws as they consider appropriate .
The five specific objectives of particular aims to combat poverty and social exclusion .
The instruments and procedures for coordination and supervision have provided the EU to overcome the crisis that no Member State would have overcome itself .
It is estimated that , in a year , the economic and social tension , which is 2009 , the Council did not intend to resolve one of the key problems at EU level .
Fishing and financial participation provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement (
In my annual report , progress has been highlighted in the report on the progress made in the interests of good administration and providing information on the role of the Ombudsman .
Thanks to our common preparation and a unified presentation , the burden of its weight in the G20 .
Priority must have the resettlement of the following persons , regardless of the geographical priorities that the EU can be considered for a period of time : children and women , children , or women , physical exploitation or sexual exploitation , individuals , with special needs , torture and harassment , and harassment , and which require legal and legal protection for the urgent causes of protection .
Fourthly , to prevent and combat extremism and we must support the countries and the legitimate NGOs in the design and implementation of strategies and activities , in order to combat the imperialist and peaceful radicalisation , peaceful and promoting peaceful society .
The Member States must therefore remove all forms of violence against women and children , particularly trafficking in order to protect sexual exploitation , sexual exploitation and domestic violence .
I believe that we can offer Belarus concrete incentives within the Eastern Partnership , but not just .
These are the facts .
However , it is particularly concerns me that the Joint Undertaking has not yet been fully aware of its internal control systems and financial accountability , which jeopardises the transparency in spending money , which is left behind European taxpayers ' money .
We must be able to prevent the crises of the tunnel , among other things , to preserve the natural activity in all European regions .
The Treaty of Lisbon has provided the Union for a new exclusive competence in respect of foreign direct investment .
However , where it is supposed to be the Council , there is only empty seats .
When we face a natural disaster and we face more disasters of this type of type of type of type of type of nature , the European Union is imperative that the European Union will help Member States and regions that are covered by the negative effects of such tragedies .
As a good start , everyone could condemn or any country , the <UNK> is trying to benefit from the disaster through a return .
We need people .
Madam President , Mr Almunia , in this transitional period , I thank you for your time , the previous mandate during the previous term , and I wish you luck luck in the new presidency .
However , it is important to ensure that the interventions strategies in the EU do not make it compulsory in a single way , unsuitable or ethnic sign .
After four years , we have not prepared for the next energy crisis if there is such a crisis .
You had a great supporter of unity in Germany and this was very important for all of us .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
The cost of direct and <UNK> are indeed high .
This will confirm or remove the existence of criminal proceedings ;
The real problem is harmonisation , but this is not ideological , but mainly cultural problem .
Firstly , the call for the sector to be responsible for the final consumer .
In a communication on the press from the European Anti-Fraud Office , I refer to the <UNK> of cigarettes in the United States .
Finally , Ecofin must be given the right to shape the economic crisis .
( Parliament approved the request )
The conclusion of a working group is that the proposal is restricted to a straightforward codification of existing texts without any change .
I think that , with the adoption of this Parliament , the main message of our primary message to SMEs , we must say that Parliament and the European institutions are behind them behind them and want to strengthen the will and opportunities that small and medium-sized enterprises in Europe are currently facing the face of the storm .
Youth among young people is one of the most pressing problems of Europe .
The European Union can not ignore any refugee or a refugee person .
On 27 February 2006 , the Council refused to start negotiations with Liechtenstein and Switzerland .
We are now looking forward to the new Commission 's new plan for 2011-2015 .
As a reform of the regulation of the European Union , the European Union could use this opportunity to promote the recovery of European political parties .
In the same way , 40 of the guidelines for regional support points out that aid must depend on whether a investment fund will be transferred to at least five years after the end of its journey .
I myself and Minister López Garrido were in Eurocontrol in Eurocontrol and I abstained on all the Transport Ministers of the transport ministers .
Does the Commission intend to draw up a programme for redistribution between the parties and how to extend and apply the question of the safeguard clause ?
As the latter show serious events in Germany , the food safety authorities must be created today by all Member States .
The case-law of the Court of Justice of the European Union , this directive provides for greater security to be given to them the health security of healthcare , from which patients need , in another Member State and their duties to be reimbursed up by their national system .
I believe that such an lesson was followed by Parliament , namely that the majority is responsible has a greater responsibility and greater responsibility .
It is also obvious that payments on the basis of the two pillars of the CAP is not simply public resources , but actually they buy a public good good , which can not be enough than the market .
Madam President , it is really true .
My vote in favour of the motion for a resolution was based on the need to confirm that Europe and particularly the European Parliament as a democratic body has always been on the country 's own citizens .
We do not need to mention that the results of these measures will become clear in the long term .
We hope that we will also see such a positive development and the fragmentation of the market .
This is particularly in mind the fact that , in these situations , the regions are not even more involved and have no direct responsibilities , but also bearing in mind that they will be excluded from the restrictions on the use of the Structural Funds .
The Council Presidency will be involved in the next part-session of the Human Rights Council on behalf of the Council .
It is time to say :
We have shown that , as a form of political governance , this can be one of the reasons for the reasons behind the crisis we are talking about , at all , on the basis of the economic crisis .
It is reasonable for us in Europe that we can share part of their sovereign debt , although Mrs Merkel does not approve this .
( RO ) Mr President , Commissioner , the <UNK> who has hit Taiwan , affected the lives of hundreds of thousands of people and the tens of thousands of houses .
I believe that the approach we have put forward is completely unrealistic .
We must also ensure that there are no gaps between the old directives that apply , and the 2004 directive on the operational appliances .
It is estimated that patients are suffering from Alzheimer 's disease .
For this reason , the European Union must take advantage of every opportunity to reflect unanimously the importance of common values through the European External Action Service .
My services are permanent contact with the German authorities and they are immediately organising information among Member States through the system of a rapid alert system and feed .
The Libyan people was <UNK> , the <UNK> of <UNK> and executions .
It is right that we want to have a leading role in Nagoya with regard to biodiversity protection , but even the European Union is incapable of ending the loss of biodiversity .
Women are under-represented in politics and in the bodies of companies or , in other words , they are excluded from the decision-making process in policy and the economy .
Mr President , energy security is an area where the EU must act actively and with the greatest possible degree of unity and coordination , as is not the case with many other European initiatives , and we , therefore , support the creation of a common energy market and , support for the creation of the Member States , as this will strengthen the position of the Member States , at the same time limit to curb their own foreign policy opportunities to exploit its own raw materials .
An important progress was made in terms of energy security agreement with the ratification of the Nabucco agreement , as well as in the field of cooperation in the aviation sector - with the opening of an intergovernmental agreement between the EU and Turkey .
Some countries require official passports , others are willing to accept any kind of documents , not accepting the request as proof of cancer .
Climate change will not be replaced by the delay of the economy and , despite the last recent - the poorest countries will suffer from our consumption consumption .
A reduced region or a Member State will see EU funds aimed at the state of State to spend through national systems under the exclusive liability of Finance , and the <UNK> of the Member States .
The negotiating agenda for all cases will be discussed on the basis of the current events , namely the Council meetings on common issues and external relations in May and June , which will deal with defence and development , on the issues of the agenda .
However , in most countries , the necessary measures must be taken on account of the country 's own interests because of its citizens , for the protection of its own future .
Mr Bildt , Mr Rehn , is only willing to take part there to people in proximity to the people and not to abandon the outside .
Honourable Members will remember that in its previous quality , it is a question of the <UNK> CAP ( the Generalised System of Preferences ) and Sri Lanka .
It is important to remember that some of the six affected countries - such as Belarus , Ukraine and Georgia - are important transit countries .
Member States will reform policies in terms of support of this process , and I hope that , at a time , a special representative of the EU and Head of the EU delegation will be kept in office .
We are not forgotten people , health and even their lives in combating the accident , as well as hundreds of thousands of whom we had to leave their homes .
Since this was a special event for us , would you have some common remarks on this first session of the session and answers ?
I welcome this fact , if I was not surprised that the Italian colleagues are primarily Italian colleagues who are not interested in the interests of human rights and who , for this reason , often ...
As regards the budget relating to the budget that has been asked by someone , let us , first , first of all , achieve consensus on the main principles .
( EL ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , just a year ago , began the Greek economy and Greece 's Greek economy and was <UNK> in a very memorandum and support mechanism .
The main reason for this situation lies in the fact that the quality of their life remains at the level of a developing country , which is , in turn , increasing the trend for exclusion and the <UNK> of hatred .
It also does not include the existence of other types of trade unions , such as same-sex couples , which are recognised in some Member States .
When we accept reports such as this , we are asking the people to vote 'yes ' or against it and give it a lack of risk .
We will have to look at and look carefully .
The specific operators that will be required are clearly regulated are inadequate .
The health agricultural production that could contribute significantly to food security and trade with third countries , as well as reducing trade deficit in the Member States , is a key aspect of this policy .
The area of cross-border infrastructure and connections is , in particular , where we are lagging behind .
The Commission expects particular interest in the European Parliament 's response to proposals in its communication .
However , I would like to make it very clear that , while not giving freedom of information about our allowances and costs , citizens will see Parliament as an institution that preaches transparency but does not apply it to itself .
And the need to restore our economy ?
In organised crime or for political terrorism and/or terrorism , are it a question of terrorism ?
As regards some of the issues I have chosen to respond thoroughly , I think it is better to provide you with the information at the level .
In this context , all efforts must be made to ensure economic , social and territorial cohesion and gender equality .
The only way to stop the loss of biodiversity is therefore a radical change of our behaviour .
Freedom , equality and solidarity are not a privilege for a few , but a right of everyone , because human rights and civil rights are inalienable .
Barack Obama rightly saw the opportunity to return America back to the world stage .
One of the most important objectives of the programme is the modernisation of vocational education and training ( <UNK> ) and higher education .
Can you not <UNK> them for Wednesday , 5 May , instead on Thursday , 6 May ?
Regional policy therefore also , in future , now , represents the European regulatory framework for implementing these objectives .
Honourable Members , provided explanations of vote , so we need to be extremely strict in terms of time .
If we do not want Poles to be a second value of EU citizens , the Charter of Fundamental Rights must be adopted in its entirety .
We owe at least this , as the condemnation of the perpetrators , to the victims and their families .
Finally , on the climate change - we can always be more ambitious .
I am pleased that the amendment tabled by my group has raised these questions .
Also , Baroness Ashton , is here and Mr Blair , your former former <UNK> , who <UNK> the dictator .
Secondly , I would like to say that , at the time , the preparations for the multiannual financial framework and the new instruments , in the course of the budget review , we must also consider the functioning of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund and added value , both in other instruments and in terms of the management of the institutions at European level and at European level .
However , some countries , even before the recession , there were high levels of sovereign debt levels , which was a breach of the Stability and Growth Pact .
I voted in favour of this report , for this reason , that Europe must protect its nature and contribute to maintaining national parks .
I would ask you all to support this position - we need to win this vote .
Lastly , but probably not in importance , what we have said about agreements .
As regards solidarity , we have never been prepared or replaced with excellent plans .
I voted in favour of the report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1927/2006 on setting up common provisions for the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund and the Cohesion Fund in respect of certain requirements relating to financial management .
rapporteur . - ( DA ) Mr President , first of all , I would like to express my satisfaction at the unanimity we have heard from the views in this House today , and I hope the Council will join the rapporteur .
I have been very concerned with great concern about the scandals of Ukraine and the judicial processes of politicians who are <UNK> on the table .
We should encourage and local authorities to do the same .
In 2002 , around 200 women have been elected in the age of the age boards , and this figure is almost five times higher .
Thirdly , I would like to mention one point that is not directly linked to the agreements , but certainly relates to the subject , in other words , the debate in the Council , whether we need , or we need to develop a European PNR system .
It is also not clear what technologies would have been able to replace the capacity of nuclear power stations .
I would like to take this opportunity to join with other colleagues for the Commissioner for the revision of the technology transfer to the technology ban on technology .
Madam President , first of all , I will say that , compared to this morning , there is finally a little peace and peace in this House !
( The President cut off the speaker )
These two agreements concluded - readmission agreements and the issuing of visas to facilitate visas - will be fully in order to achieve these objectives .
We have been dealing with this report from the perspective of its integration into European policy .
I hope that it will not put into question the effectiveness of good legislation we have adopted in Parliament , in other words , the directive on organ transplantation or the action plan that was adopted almost unanimously .
The newly established new mission within the ESDP mission will not reach the substance of the problem , but will only combat the symptoms .
<UNK> national schemes , as well as the possibility of exemption , will substantially reduce the modernisation process , but at the same time , at the same time , of national economies that depend on electricity production will be able to introduce innovations , and in reasonable terms .
I believe that , more than ever , we need to invest in education , research , energy efficiency and , above all , people .
In particular , I voted in favour of a large number of amendments that would aim to impose greater responsibilities for transport companies in the event of loss or damage to luggage and , in the event of death or death death .
Last but not least , I think it is positive that the amendment stresses the responsibility of Member States to ensure safe , high-quality , effective and affordable healthcare .
There are three areas : firstly , <UNK> in the world .
To this end , I agree with the rapporteur 's conviction that it will be crucial to the European Parliament 's full participation by the Treaty of Lisbon and its general interpretation of Parliament and the Commission in the new Framework Agreement .
Even when Member States provide provisions for the protection of victims , the operation of this measures stop the border controls on the border .
Member States must share their experience and include in the process both scientists and health professionals .
So I think SMEs should remain a priority for our actions , including sustainable and sustainable employment .
We must leave the people to decide this decision without further influence on the EU .
I can say , on behalf of the Commission , that we are looking forward constructively constructively with you , including , of course , some of the most important challenges we face , and today 's debate is undoubtedly such a debate .
Within the framework of the cooperation , the Union must promote reforms aimed at modernising public , political and legislative structures , which will allow the country to join the world , provide freedom of information for the public , will encourage the independence and invest in the institutional capacity of organisations and organisations in the establishment of organisations that are representatives of civil society .
In such cases , it would be justified to provide public funding for projects with Member State funds or EU funding .
Until now , air transport between EU Member States and Canada was only available with bilateral agreements .
Now , we have observed that , in the bank , in which the <UNK> is <UNK> or <UNK> by the country , there was a movement of EU money .
We can not create a blank cheque , although trade in the EU is an example of how to do this !
We have had a coalition coalition .
We want a strategy for Europe which prioritises social and environmental needs to be prioritised .
( PT ) In the context of what we have seen in what we see is more words than deeds .
I must point out that the directive from 2002 has been covered by 23 March 2009 to be covered by 23 March 2009 .
I also believe that we must fight protectionism and support free trade .
The practical and practical form of the strategy will also be very much more successful than the most ambitious action plan for the sustainable economy until 2050 , which will be published at the beginning of next year .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes
President-in-Office of the Council . - ( HU ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I am very pleased to be pleased that I can speak with you , at the next European Council meeting , although the role of the Treaty of Lisbon is already defined by the Treaty of Lisbon in such a way that the preparation of the European Council is the preparation of the European Council is first responsibility of all the European Council .
These are damage whose effects will still be seen for a long time , as part of the northern land will be <UNK> for several years .
The idea of micro-credits is based on the clear wording that today 's financial system does not provide sufficient means for small and medium-sized enterprises , in other words , that the system does not respect the standard of the so-called viable capital groups .
It is particularly important that fraud are one of the main causes of injustice in the EU , as they are the cause of unfair competition and the competitive market .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
At such an unfortunate moment , Europe is constantly increasing with a recommendation for reducing greenhouse gas emissions , for example , 30 % , which will be detrimental to the economies of Central and Eastern Europe , including Poland .
Let us make it clear : the European institutions and Member States must cooperate in order to achieve this goal .
I have received one motion for a resolution , in conclusion of the debate .
Agriculture must therefore remain a priority area for the EU .
The costs incurred by the promise of EUR 74 million in 2010 .
( NL ) Madam President , sometimes it is possible to engage in new ways , including in European policy .
The contribution made by Latvia to the eastern enlargement is mutual confidence , accompanied by our bilateral relations whose roots lead to a period of shared , open and experience in this respect .
At the same time , we need to pay attention to the energy crisis .
The region is part of an EU energy strategy , so this new strategy is the implementation of a fund strategy and will create synergy and continuity in our work at European level .
We need to do in future in terms of their work in relation to Yemen not only the external but internal needs .
If we try to work together to overcome and achieve these objectives , then we will really achieve something significant in cooperation with our partners in favour of the region and in favour of ourselves .
Especially those who openly elect their Bulgarian ethnic origin are sometimes discriminated against .
You know that most Member States , including my own Member States , and many others , are making forms of tax competition that are very harmful to common European interests .
The main question is not whether we have a desire to reduce unemployment or increase the funds for innovation .
No , we have succeeded in providing small aid and we need to change this .
( The sitting was closed at <UNK> )
The international community must do everything necessary to ensure that perpetrators perpetrators remain unpunished .
The Council has been following the Commission 's draft proposal for the conclusion of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities .
However , as everyone else is very important to think about how we can use it .
Mr President , during our debate here today , it seems incomprehensible to us today that Lukashenko has been carried out with its stated plans for office in the trialogue without international guests , precisely because the international community does not recognise the Belarusian elections as free elections or transparent .
The Seoul Summit has provided a new impetus to conclude the Doha Round and stressed the G20 commitment to fight against all forms of protectionism .
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution of the European Parliament on the fight against female genital mutilation in the European Union .
In line with the policies that I defend , I believe it is important to adopt a zero tolerance basis at the beginning of every parliamentary term .
There can not be any discrimination based on sexual orientation ( or any other basis ) .
This is oriented towards children 's approach , which recognises that early childhood age is crucial for cognitive , physical and physical development , for <UNK> and for the acquisition of languages and for the creation of language , and also constitutes the basis for lifelong learning .
We can combat criminal groups through the EU 's close cooperation between the EU - the ultimate goal and the countries , starting point for illegal immigration groups .
However , when one of the European democracy 's fundamental principles is at risk , and do nothing .
Every peace is better than a <UNK> conflict .
The report on the auditors of 2008 only on 10 % of the budget .
In sufficient seconds , I have been living in a few seconds or minutes .
The European Microfinance Facility was established in March 2010 by the Commission and the Bank and the <UNK> of EUR 200 million .
There are many elements that show us where we are to be more <UNK> .
The economic and financial crisis has hit the European companies not to talk about the budget of the Member States .
The Commission believes that , in cases , the provisions of the directive are clear , accurate , precise and transparent , the same could be transferred directly to the regulation of regulation through a recast of a recast .
The second area that I believe should be of particular priority for us is the development of the most advanced relationship .
Our thoughts are aware that the crises come to be overcome and help us to build solid foundations for the future , which is why today , on 9 May , we are working on the present day and we look back to the future .
Moreover , the conclusion of the conclusion that a moratorium should be required , represents a successful attempt to focus on Europe as a centre centre .
However , if we can not say , at least , we can say that there is a small positive element in everything , because they will have the opportunity to keep things and understand that they really need assistance .
I call on you to take a political solution which will allow the introduction of the euro in the Baltic States .
This is unacceptable , unacceptable and scandalous .
I am thinking of this in mind that , for example , certain aspects of regional policy and cohesion policy , must be revised .
However , we must now ensure that the conditions for the European market for investors of third countries are the same , not better investors , but which are not available for investors from the Member States , and that our energy consumption can compete on common grounds and invest freely outside the European Union .
For example , there should be a minimum wage salary in Europe , not necessarily at a level , but simply introducing minimum wage .
We Europeans can find a symbolic understanding and express our reservations about the Communist government 's poor .
Some of you said that , if we adopt this directive , we very little patients will benefit from it , and that this will be quite well the very good numbers of patients .
A significant contribution has been made in terms of specific issues , but we must look at the wider European context in order to understand how important it is for what we are talking about .
You have been necessary when implementation were needed .
Contrary to the conclusion of the honourable Member , this is not only about individual countries .
The conclusion is closed .
Honourable Members , it is essential to emphasise the fact that the conclusions of the Court of Auditors ' recent progress , which is made by the Commission 's control over the control of European funds , but , at the same time , I hope the recommendations and the European Parliament 's recommendations in the reports on discharge , with the <UNK> , to take into account , particularly in the areas where we still have a high level playing field .
Please look at the financial engineering instruments that today is one of the main instruments of helping to credit for SMEs by means of <UNK> and also through the medium term , and we have also started the process of micro-credit before the crisis , so it was also very well prepared for a difficult situation .
As Europeans , we are trying to ensure that all of Europe can freely practise religion , which allows them to follow their heart and conscience .
I will tell you which the three main reasons why , in my opinion , we did not have a positive view , although this was set out , even at the start of the Commission 's current term .
At present , the people of Pakistan are still in the current moment , and the religious minorities are still in the <UNK> between the United States and some religious and religious forces , the very high and <UNK> forces of the Taliban .
In other words , if people want a different foreign policy , there is absolutely no chance of change in the way to change the policy , they have the opportunity to change the Council , i.e . the governments who have the opportunity to change , but not the Commission .
The strong Programme of the 2009 economic programme for strengthening Georgia 's economy still essential development of the positive political and economic relations , and also in relation to national security .
I am afraid that I have been familiar with the Portuguese Communist Party of Sri Lanka , which is the <UNK> Party of Ireland , and which is opposed to the <UNK> of the <UNK> , the rights of the rights and the Tamils of the Tamil community .
The most important project in this respect is the Nabucco pipeline .
Commissioner , please stop hiding behind the most successful decisions behind you have taken and take into account what is actually happening now !
How can we achieve the impossible and avoid the storm Xynthia , the <UNK> of the United Kingdom 's most recent scientific adviser , which <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , which said in 2009 , we have been expecting us in the storm Xynthia because all these things are moving on one and the same timetable .
However , to adopt free competition , our citizens want to be sure that the rules are the same for everyone .
Today , this <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> - which was asked by Mr <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> ' - shares the Tibetan power in my country .
There are other methods of achieving influence which probably have probably been more effective than the <UNK> embargo .
I therefore hope the important issues for coordinating financial services , especially now , when some countries show signs of signs of this negative period , to be the main subject of the talks , not the main subject of bonuses for the bankers 's bankers .
The reforms in the regulatory area that makes the country is encouraged by trade .
The European Union is precisely the largest experience in the area of work and in the occupied territories , which should play an important role in the region .
Obviously , the diplomacy 's diplomacy , on which we have been reminded members of the intergroups , which I have met two weeks ago , does not make the desired results .
( PT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is not a very often the only way to respond to the same thing ( and in a positive way ) the three health issue , culture and the economy .
We are even seeing today that there are too many cases of death death that caused by bad quality of air .
It is a negative thing because the regime is afraid of the failure of the Middle East and North Africa .
Therefore , in order to encourage good intentions , I abstained .
The report shows us too far from the fact that even the crisis will not help us to fulfil this role better .
According to the Court of Auditors , the Court of Auditors ' annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and the underlying transactions are legal and regular .
This is also a more important role for increasing the increasing number of accidents .
We can also add national interests of individual Member States .
I know that Russia and China are against sanctions , but the European Union must make every effort to persuade these forces to agree with sanctions that are an alternative to the army .
From this point of view , it is essential to ensure genuine coherence of policies affecting the most vulnerable countries , such as the following areas : aid , trade , trade , trade , the environment , agriculture , agriculture , energy , investment , investment and finance , in order to reduce poverty and to protect the living in the LDCs of the LDCs and to protect the elderly people .
The truth is that we are trying to <UNK> the fact that the project is not working .
Some Member States have already taken this step , and I hope they will be followed by other Member States and also from the European Union as an institution .
We have a directive that only concerns women , because they can only be living and they can only be able to live and <UNK> .
Firstly , the status is no longer an option of choice , insofar as NATO forces , after another withdrawal of Afghanistan , and we still do not know whether the country can guarantee its own security .
It is true that the Belarusian political activists and independent experts realise that the regime has not changed fundamentally and have only changed the institutional changes .
I would like to emphasise that I support transparency and public access to documents .
Your report will certainly make an important contribution to our internal discussions , and I can assure you that we will be able to look very much at the proposals that it contains .
In the same way , if organ donation in organs in the European Union has become the unemployed levels in the Nordic countries , the United Kingdom and the Netherlands , then this will release 2 000 people from the need to resist the <UNK> day .
I believe that these EUR 100 million must certainly not be taken away from the Progress programme , as it has the same objectives to be completely separate , there should be a separate budget and ensure that it can be done more money .
We urgently need to send coordinated help , but this should be done without compromising the temptation of the totalitarian .
We must stop using taxpayers ' money for speculative banks and countries that manage their economy .
We have already seen difficulties as a result of the implementation of European legislation , as the European Union will not allow us to postpone the excessive payment of VAT organisations .
One thing is clear : the situation is not good and I agree with previous speakers that there appears a serious political battle for what is precisely responsible for the worst situation .
( NL ) Mr President , I would like to draw attention to colleagues ' invitation to the invitation of the Council 's previous Van Rompuy .
This will include sharing resources available to the available resources and information between the countries of the region and their actions .
The most important requirements are the European Investment Bank 's activities to be even more transparent for the European Parliament and the financial instruments it provides for it to be used even more closely .
Mr President , I welcome the opportunity to speak on the subject that is most important .
( Applause )
South Sudan should become a primary goal of the European Union in the area of humanitarian development .
You use the best instruments , because you are proposing taxpayers ' money to <UNK> banks and those who speculate with banks and with other financial products .
There are many other issues that will continue to be discussed and I look forward to these debates .
in writing . - ( PT ) The collection and data collection of data , which has become possible , should be evaluated by this report , as it allows us to build a realistic picture of the situation in which it is currently very complex , as the report rightly recognises .
I am grateful to my hope that the parliamentary cooperation will continue to play an important role in this process .
We must be more responsive if we want to fulfil this against the background of third countries .
author . - ( ES ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mexico has a major problem with drug trafficking and violence .
I will take advantage of my post President of the Joint Parliamentary Committee to see the fact that we can not go back to a position taken later on this year later is considered exactly what is exactly the two sides are concerned .
( Applause )
It is of great importance that an environmentally friendly environment without bureaucratic burdens .
Energy efficiency is undoubtedly one of the key issues in our fight for the environment .
This will impose regulation on the rating agencies .
We must be sure that there are mechanisms for the <UNK> and that it will sooner be back to normal market conditions .
Against this background , I would like to say that many problems in Europe could be permitted by effective mandatory mandatory education for all persons residing in a country .
We have taken steps behind ourselves , but it is hardly surprising it , it is a <UNK> and <UNK> .
in writing . - ( EL ) Climate Change are the result of the growing exploitation of the natural resources of capital for profit .
I intend to assure the Commission will be given a proposal to improve the situation regarding violence against women .
The new treaty must include a real division of powers , truly independent European Roma leaders , which will address the issues relating to subsidiarity , transparency and transparency , most importantly , binding referenda .
You have taken the chapter and that chapter you are !
It is obvious that the serious pollution of ships must be removed and <UNK> as a crime , and the pollution of ships may be made as a <UNK> offence , so that there is a breach between the burden of both types of activity .
( ET ) Ladies and gentlemen , democracy is based on transparency and openness .
It is not clear and whether or when we can expect the Commission 's proposal .
Our group abstained because our most important amendments were rejected , namely Amendment 8 , the authorisation of data to be subject to the courts , and 9 amendment , to the aims of the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program for the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program ( <UNK> ) to use the agreement .
However , I believe that it is right because it is only necessary to have a disproportionate means to change the means of bringing the European citizens to support Haiti 's reconstruction .
The Green Paper on the collective protection of consumers offers different ways of tackling the problem .
The solution is obvious .
Through its work and reports in the relevant committees , particularly the committees involved in the economic crisis , this Parliament has already made a valuable contribution in discussions organised by the operational group .
( FR ) Mr President , the Conference of Presidents is the most recent debate on Wednesday afternoon 's proposal and the French Government for the temporary withdrawal of the Geneva Agreement .
It is estimated that two years after the protests , we do not know exactly how many of those people have been elected in the actions and were punished by the Communist Party .
It is also positive that a tax can be imposed on a further basis .
It is well-known in this area that a <UNK> is one of the most important of all chemical substances .
The recent experience shows that trafficking in human beings , and illegal trafficking are reaching an end to both the EU and outside the European Union .
I congratulate the Agency for significant progress made in this regard .
However , as is concerned , this is not enough .
The President of the country has already been twice twice on such proposals .
They cooperate directly to find rapid and pragmatic solutions to the problems made by citizens and businesses .
Perhaps we do not understand the risks or because we are afraid of the consequences - not least in relation to their future appointment - to put such injuries .
The report calls on the Commission to adopt clear legislation on social responsibility in the distribution of the work carried out throughout the process .
It leads to a better profile of the economy based on knowledge that we develop and to deepening the <UNK> .
A lot of all this was achieved in recent years , for example , in the area of medicines , for which the public is not aware that the public is not even aware that it is the case but which is about finding a solution to find a solution in European scale , as Member States can not solve it .
However , the North of the north is relatively relatively <UNK> and therefore it is extremely sensitive .
We should not constantly present the principle of new demands .
Today , as I said , I will attend the Council of Agriculture Ministers .
Therefore , the purpose of this proposal can not limit the harmonisation of European legislation , and should also promote health by improving health in health matters .
Unfortunately , we have failed to renew the mandate of an independent expert committee for Democratic Republic of Congo .
In particular , the financial causes of financial causes , and the <UNK> of the maintenance is ignored .
We should not create a status for these children , where they do not receive education and are isolated in a ghettos , simply because their parents are staying illegally .
The problems of financial collapse are linked to the current financial collapse , but to claims that the aviation crisis in aviation is entirely due to it would be wrong .
It will contribute significantly to achieving minimum international standards that guarantee better working conditions , more safety and fewer deaths around the world in this dangerous sector , but strategically strategic sector .
Dear colleague , would you like to see ?
However , it must be supported by clear regulations .
On behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left , I would like to say once again clearly that we will not support this .
The economic growth in the countries of the Greek countries have caused serious violations of fundamental rights and human rights .
I would like to highlight the request that the Commission will present a report on assessing the level of pollution and the biodiversity levels , and to undertake the capacity of the European Union to react immediately to the oil in the extraction of oil facilities , and to draw up a European action plan to cooperation with Member States .
Is the visit of the Lithuanian President , Mrs Grybauskaitė , not by denying the <UNK> of trust to the regime ?
In this respect , the extension of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) and the emergence of the ESF are intended to respond to numerous exceptional cases in social and economic terms where aid is required .
I know that the Treaty on Nuclear Weapons also contains civil and civil elements , but we are not talking about the resumption of nuclear power for civil purposes , we are talking about nuclear disarmament .
We have dialogue with them and with the Czech authorities to ensure that dialogue is maintained and that we reach a solution .
By meeting EU action , we are intended to find solutions to the problems of the crisis and to make innovative stability in the Member States .
in writing . - Although I strongly support the idea of extending copyright , this proposal has made a <UNK> for the purpose .
As has been said here , this law must be properly implemented and I am very serious in favour of the proposal to remove penalties imposed by Member States .
I do not need to say , but let us say quite differently that what he said tonight is not necessarily right with what was said before .
Also , in the leadership , will be described and how the funds can be used to help facilitate business partnerships in the creation of innovative ICT , to promote and support towns and to use ICT .
The implementation of renewable energy targets requires a greater degree of balance , the intelligence and , above all , to manage the right to manage the wrong .
The recent conflict , naturally , has suffered many victims and caused the emergence of internal refugees in the country , causing problems for the economy and the rule of law .
It is therefore vital that our governments play a leading political role in order to encourage the other countries , such as the United States and China , to reach an agreement .
Thank you .
( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , many women in Europe and around the world are fighting every day for ending violence against them , but they can not and must not be able to fight this fight against women , mainly because violence against women are women suffering from men and acts of violence against humanity .
I am also pleased that this Belgian balance is taking place here in the European Parliament - the <UNK> of democracy for all European citizens .
In my opinion , we should not interfere in personal matters of people whose court are still in progress .
The European Structural Funds , which have been mentioned by many of my fellow Members , are another reason for concern .
The right of every person to respect religious beliefs or even not to be protected and protected by everyone .
It is essential for Moldova to continue with the implementation of the action plan for the European Neighbourhood Policy ( ENP ) and with the reforms that has been laid down in the document <UNK> Moldova ' .
More than 30 % of education is granted to education , but not they are doing their job because qualifications are <UNK> , which is not allowed to meet the needs of the market .
( NL ) Madam President , today we are making an important foundation for the development of the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument ( ENPI ) .
This allows them to receive and provide funding for relatively strict conditionality .
While we can already talk about improvement in terms of the economic and financial crisis in some EU Member States , we must consider that it is the crisis for developing countries with all the negative consequences of its impact .
The social culture is <UNK> .
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
We need to launch the partnership for energy and transport together with the environment .
They are also exploited .
I myself have been in favour of the children 's wife and , I have been very well aware of what I am talking about .
Mercosur is a significant and dynamic economy with a total of EUR 1 billion of EUR 1 billion and the maximum of GDP around 5 % in 2010 and 4 % in 2011 .
The data of the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) are very clear : female genital mutilation is rife in a very wide practice in 28 African countries , in the Middle East and in some countries .
These are quite concrete examples that enable the authorities to show good will and desire to conduct a real dialogue .
This must be combined with our obligation to achieve maximum maximum sustainable yield by 2015 .
The reform of the CAP should be reviewed in relation to the economic crisis and the fight against climate change , as well as maintaining its competitiveness in the world .
So we should not delude ourselves that , as a kind of policy , we will be able to solve problems that other policies can not solve .
( IT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , following the <UNK> of New York in the United States , the United States is committed to the <UNK> of nine years - one of which is European banks - whose executive directors are responsible for deciding on Wednesday to take action on the derivatives .
<UNK> healthcare are , of course , possible for everyone who can pay for them , but something must be done for those who can not pay .
Firstly , on the values .
The Commission is mainly interested in reducing the size of the fleet , while at the same time , paying attention to the fact that European mass media is imported from the Far East , such as fish <UNK> fish .
The Treaty of Lisbon provides the EU 's new prerogatives confirms the development of its international capacity and introduces new instruments .
The most important investments are certainly not the medicine that has been announced in Central and Eastern Europe , for example , in the economic transition period .
This information is important for assessing the evaluation of the health and safe working conditions of working in the Union and for the best practices of Europe in this area .
Finally , I have expressed in paragraph 31 on readmission agreements with third countries does not reflect the view of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) on this issue .
( EL ) Madam President , Commissioner , it is simply a case that the day is stressed in the days of the Black Sea region is of strategic importance for the European Union .
However , in view of your last five years , and what you have presented us to date , I am not talking about what could happen tomorrow , but what we have before us now - I can say one thing with you : you have no support for my group .
In this regard , I would like to emphasise that the main objective of cohesion policy is the backbone of regional cohesion policy by encouraging the production capacity .
Unfortunately , the negotiations that will now be tackled with the Council will scarcely change this objective in which the Union 's good as a whole is absolutely incapable of taking pressure on national egoism .
Yes , Basel III must consider creating a networks for small banks that are supporting with each other , and doing so .
Economic growth and prosperity are achieved with oil , coal and gas , so the transition to other sources will not be a day .
These agreements are therefore a small one , but positive step in the right direction .
I believe that we need to take advantage of the moment to reach a swift agreement .
With the decline in recent years , demand for new ways to be found or even worse , civil unrest has changed significant changes .
It is more difficult to be the way we have been .
We therefore believe that the credit and Eurobonds should be made available , must be invested in the growing innovation allocated to the maintenance of buildings , in the energy sector , in the energy sector , and to establish a plan for the benefit of the affected and unemployment , for example , to support the contribution to support the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund , such as the scope of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
Whether the selection process provides for the <UNK> of the art provides independence by large companies , both during the selection process and in terms of the <UNK> of the media ;
In this House , we have again been discussing exchanges of best practice between Member States .
Parliament urges the continuing changes to this situation and to postpone the Court of Auditors ' measures .
It will make annual financial contribution in every programme and present at the meetings of the Committee on the issues that relate to Switzerland .
Obviously , this pragmatic approach can not continue to be taken into account , on the one hand , we are imposing restrictions on our agricultural producers , on the health and safety of consumers , and by protecting consumers , and , on the other hand , by allowing products that do not manage these requirements to be free from our continent .
Furthermore , it seems to be that budget support is hardly used in the health sector in the countries of the sub-Saharan Africa .
Nevertheless , we have recently heard a number of reports that we have been saying that some companies work on how to <UNK> animals .
Will we carry on international investigation into these cases ?
This must be done during the next summit , which will take place on 18 May in Madrid and during which the High Representative of the Union 's High Representative and the European Commission 's policy must actively participate in this field .
The parallel nature must automatically be replaced by the <UNK> , and this often leads to highly toxic substances among consumers .
At its meeting of the new October 2010 .
Why ?
The European Union must insist on the rules to protect consumers so that European citizens are not faced with the risk of buying products that are dangerous for health , goods or counterfeit products .
That , as I said , is an interim agreement ; it can be done and will be done .
This is a <UNK> zone .
We all have in this Chamber play a role in what we can call <UNK> confidence in citizens ' .
Above all , he will see what he <UNK> the doctrine of the <UNK> <UNK> ' - that is that the people vote , when they vote , do not understand their true interest and we must impose a better system .
Do you think that we should now continue to take up the adoption of stricter measures or rather believe that the most effective approach is the best way to negotiate with the Iranian regime ?
I believe that achieving this transatlantic market , for example , is one of the best answers we can give .
We all have taken arguments in favour of this horizontal directive , but there are differences between us in terms of tonnes , and sometimes the specific content .
In this respect , I have a duty to express regret the recent attacks on the recent terrorist attacks in Barcelona and call on the Spanish Government and call on the European institutions to fight against the <UNK> atmosphere , which , if it is understood .
Composition of committees and delegations : see Minutes
The current system of <UNK> and the working works is working on .
In such conditions , women will undoubtedly be able to exercise their positions .
In the resolution of the Liberal Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , we have stressed that the stress tests are required to be mandatory for Member States and allow independent experts to manage the application of the tests , and that the tests must be transparent .
Let me make two common remarks .
It must be very important to the report on the eligibility of investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy in housing .
( ES ) Mr President , as you know , in Niger , one of the main countries in the Sahel region - at the end of this month , held up and parliamentary elections .
Iceland can be given the same but it is very difficult to set a timetable for other countries that are not so well prepared .
However , I would like to remind the President-in-Office of the Council that , in 2008 , the Doha Round , the Doha Round was on the table , but it has failed to conclude an agreement , since some countries of the European Union , India ( Brazil , India and China ) did not want to make concessions .
I certainly have a desire to continue the discussion of this agreement with Parliament and the Committee on International Trade , even more so as to the end of these talks .
That is why I voted in favour of this resolution .
Of course , the Conference of Presidents represents an organisation of a legally binding legal nature without a passport or staff .
Now some reports : in connection with the signing of legislative acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure .
The region , which has been caught , has managed Austria to save one form of extinction , which is now being spread in a broad area - somewhat <UNK> for farmers and the poor workers whose have feel quite different .
And let us not get the current situation in the <UNK> as a bad example of <UNK> .
A huge infrastructure must be spent whether the energy system in the North Sea or , in smaller , less than a <UNK> quota .
The only truly safe nuclear energy is this , which does not exist .
I hope that these reactions which are met with a dramatic tragedy will set a precedent and that , in other cases , cases of human rights violations , the European Union will have the courage to act as quickly as possible .
Composition of committees : see Minutes
This means that everyone will not only have to respect the letter of the law , but will have to respect the European Union 's position .
It seems not the requirement for maintaining sexual and reproductive health in their projects .
The right to media resources in Hungary ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see Minutes
This is clearly unacceptable .
The Court of Auditors judged that the annual accounts of the Agency for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular .
I welcome your comments on the European Research Area .
I do not want doctors to exert pressure and they become a rogue industry in the pharmaceutical industry .
The only negative element of this report is the fact that it provides only three languages - English , French and German , as languages , to which the project must be presented , except in addition to the original language .
Further deepening this cooperation , including EUR 15 million , will increase the choice of consumers and will put more emphasis on the choice of consumers and create a number of cultural products and international market .
It is very important , as honourable Members have said , continue to consider the way we have negotiated agreements and instruments that we have to do so and ensure that they be consulted in need .
However , development must not mean simply help for these European regions that are already making results more than the lowest level .
I consider the practice of these girls and girls .
Moreover , the Hungarian Government is planning to improve energy efficiency in the public sector by 60 % by modernising public institutions ( including the modernisation of the <UNK> and modernisation of the modernisation and modernisation systems ) on the energy efficiency of the energy efficiency programme and the climate protection .
This year , Brazil will mark a further phase in its opening up on the world stage once again as a global economic and political giant elections , and President Barroso will take advantage of his post of office .
Work on these issues is a priority in the light of the economic crisis in which Member States are , and at a time when strict budget measures impose an increasingly restrictive burden on the smallest countries .
I believe that the CAP must offer immediate solutions to the impact that the economic crisis has on agricultural companies , such as the lack of access to credit for farmers , restrictions on agricultural incomes and unemployment in rural areas .
Kosovo has , however , reveals the real face of a policy aimed at the <UNK> of Europe .
We must appreciate them .
I welcome the fact that Parliament has made every effort to make the legislative initiative possible , as quickly as possible , possible and easy for EU citizens , as they actually use it .
One service can not control the other .
As far as Pakistan is concerned , our main concern and the most important interest of us is for Pakistan to be a stable democracy , free of terror and capable of participating with its neighbours in the common threats .
We must express our concern about increasingly <UNK> a ban on the suspension of Iran , which could lead to a <UNK> conclusion that the authorities consider the death authorities in Iran .
What socially is this ?
Russia has changed in the election campaign that is where there is .
It is essential that social demands are given to disadvantaged disadvantaged groups in the situation of all the parties involved in the governance of the country .
The EU Generalised System of Preferences ( GSP ) is one of the instruments allowing the countries to compete on the international markets by means of external markets , or reduced duties for their export to the EU market .
Some very clearly failed forces to use economic downturn as an excuse to mitigate the necessary climate commitments .
The support of local authorities and citizens is extremely useful , stressing that the internal dialogue is also internally and effective at all levels , so the Danube Strategy is a strategy for European citizens .
I believe that cars have good countries ; the transport sector is extremely strong economic sector in Europe .
The economic crisis has also had a impact .
Let me be very clear : no other alternative , we continue to help strengthen the democratic forces in civil society in the civil society .
As regards the commitments , this is even a reduction in the budget in real terms .
In addition , the European Commission programmes provide humanitarian aid in the areas of water and food .
The research in the area of cancer covers a wide range of areas , ranging from the <UNK> or ecosystems , and will be important for the overall reduction in the CO2 standards in the future .
We in the European Parliament must support this .
I hope that we will really succeed in carrying out the shortcomings of existing measures that have led to a lack of transparency and coordination between countries and to <UNK> delays in the process of collecting confidence .
As a result , I think we must focus more efforts in reducing the risk of disasters and provide support for communities in connection with disaster .
On the other hand , we must fight against illegal immigration .
Terrorists , behind the attacks behind the north , are trying to strike a clash between East and West , the West , the <UNK> world against the Muslim world .
The creative industries are an important part of the economic policy .
However , the principle of not to be paid to organs will not prevent living donors from being compensated , given that compensation is only limited to costs and revenue generated .
It is important to show them clearly and to the fate of the two regime .
It is therefore not logical to oppose the aid we are discussing .
We are going to focus on the G20 Summit on the ground .
It will enable patients ' free movement and allow patients to have access to better quality services and to the right time .
Moreover , the report recommends the coordination of financial provisions to impose greater responsibility on the subject of global rules .
In 2009 annual report on human rights , which was recently adopted , the Union 's need to play an active role in efforts to improve human rights and democracy worldwide .
I would like to ask you all the best .
The main aim of the new protocol is to define fishing opportunities offered to EU fishing vessels and support for the sector and to continue cooperation between the EU and the Comoros , strengthening the framework for the framework of the partnership , to develop an fisheries policy in which to develop the development of fisheries and sustainable fisheries resources in the east of both partners and in the Comoros .
I am referring to this because it is also important in the context of our debate today .
The European response to the crisis in the real economy , among the industry and industry in industry , has focused on jobs .
I also agree with those who say that in this sector , in particular , I have seen many things have been very cautious and there are many injustice .
We have many Commissioners , but as has been mentioned , you definitely have one number of the number of the work with us .
There is no excuse for the crime , regardless of the place where we have done in the real world or in the world , but , of course , it is much easier to fight crime in the real world because we have instruments that allow us to intervene directly .
( ES ) Firstly , I would like to express my condolences and express my sympathy to the Haitian people who have suffered so badly from this catastrophe .
When it comes to disabled people , our political differences in terms of turning into the ultimate goal , namely to ensure a higher quality of life and work .
Such problems should be viewed through national democratic mechanisms and the procedures of the Italian Republic .
For the future , I welcome what has been said here today by Catherine Ashton and my group , that it is necessary to maintain a open approach and to address civil society and support for it .
I consider it absolutely necessary to give support to the dialogue between the two leaders and communities that are currently taking place in order to make use of the rapid agreement in 2009 - and , of course , to make a full contribution to Turkey 's climate agreement on achieving such an agreement .
In the interim group on the construction of housing , I have the honour of being the chair , we have <UNK> the urban development of the last few years : for ten years , urban development has been <UNK> twice on Luxembourg .
However , overall , I believe the work of the agencies for positive .
- Before the vote
I will mention here and protect the international gas corridor in the Gulf of Aden .
My fellow Members and I met with many of the people affected by the Afghan movement of civil movement , civil society , the families of the prisoners of freedom and the general public .
I will agree with you , Commissioner , that in comparison with the United States , we can talk positively about what we have done in our <UNK> with regard to the structural reforms that they did not even reach in their last financial name , particularly in the area of the area , and that we can show that when we are trying to Washington .
Every country must be assessed on the basis of its capabilities and the rate of the process must be regulated in accordance with them .
The figure is now the most lucrative .
Calendar of part-sessions for 2010 : see Minutes
The agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Mauritius allows visa-free travel to the territory of the other contracting party to a maximum period of three months for a period of time .
Otherwise , it will continue to be accompanied by national actors , everyone who have their own national interests and thus be vulnerable in terms of the <UNK> <UNK> ' and the <UNK> of <UNK> ' .
Parliament has been on several occasions to have been able to cover the financing of security charges , but without success .
I believe that the framework agreement can be an opportunity to deepening the political dialogue between Libya and the European Union .
We are huge and we can see that money available to you are not sufficient .
( GA ) Mr President , there is one new <UNK> who says : as people are the same .
I believe it is also important that governments , not only in Europe , but also our partners in the world , understand how very well it is also important for them to engage in the priorities of things we are discussing here today in Parliament .
It is precisely for this reason that we are trying to raise in today 's debate and we have somewhat neglected issue of the Roma people .
Firstly , on the eurozone , some Members of this House have raised questions relating to the euro area and some problems that we face in the euro area Member States .
The situation is critical and there will be no fast <UNK> .
It is of great importance that agriculture and CAP be viewed as part of achieving these objectives , not as part of the problem .
You are expected to speak about the subject of catch-the-eye procedure .
The ultimate goal is to create a Euro-Latin area for a global interregional area in the political , economic , trade , trade , social and cultural spheres in order to ensure sustainable development and for the region .
It is difficult to understand the position of the <UNK> liberals that we have adopted , with this resolution , call for regulation on media transactions at European level , while the European Council 's <UNK> representatives believe that this proposal is , in particular , a restriction of media and subsidiarity .
At the same time , best available techniques and the most ambitious documents will play a more important role , and industry will have greater flexibility in order to make the necessary investments .
However , I would like to emphasise clearly that this should not be considered to take place on our part of the elections , the failure of the elections and the repression against people with different thinking .
Why ?
<UNK> in <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> , <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> !
I wonder : is the European perspective of which talks in the start of Mr Barroso , but it is not here to explain .
Have you prepared to make public discussions and discussions not in writing on the question of Opel in Germany prior to the Opel elections in Germany ?
The European Commission must increase the ESF 's ESF in order to provide adequate resources for improving education and training measures for improving access to the labour market and to improve unemployment and to measures and to the EU 's actions for combating social inclusion and the EU 2020 strategy to combat poverty and to protect persons in particular disadvantaged areas , including those affected by women and the victims .
If we want to achieve these objectives , we must take advantage of the opportunities now .
We are in the current situation , convinced that all of them must be encouraged and encouraged to invest in innovative ideas , in new technologies and innovation .
We must take advantage of this opportunity .
I am sure , and I am not just interested in a ceasefire .
In this context , the contribution of Member States must be the most 1 % of gross national product .
I also believe that adoption in March 2010 's adoption of the informal strategy is progress in terms of its actions and improving future work .
That is the reason for the permanent debates .
Regarding the energy crisis and climate change crisis , what is the Council 's response ?
Commissioner , I will give you my support to the creation of this fund .
That is why it is so important that the activities are taken .
In this , I have voted against the amendments tabled and by our delegation , the resulting transposition norms of CO2 emissions from new plants in this House has shown that it concerns the issues relating to the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions .
The rule of law is of paramount importance to relations between Brazil and the EU .
It is estimated that the European Union will go down with a common , realistic and sustainable proposal in Cancún , because an agreement that gives real tangible results , always makes sense , and in any case , where everyone is concerned about the failure of the failure to be made , even if the efforts made by governments on environmental confidence , which would be extremely difficult .
Very briefly , as it was an important element , we are well aware of our own - and I see in my view - that the regions and cities play a key role in culture in Europe .
The European Parliament has presented a strong resolution which proposes the voluntary visa and economic sanctions against the ordinary Lukashenko regime .
We must tackle the fight against homophobia here in the European Parliament , as well as in their national parliaments .
At the same time , I can imagine what will include .
The failure of this new procedure in the context of the provisions of the regulations was a new attempt for us all and , above all , for me , if I have to be <UNK> .
The vote gave its vote around around 500 million women who suffer violence from men every year .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to say a few words about the importance of the Third Maritime Safety Package , which represents a new and equal result of cooperation between the Council and the European Parliament .
It is very closely linked to the ageing of Europe 's population and increasing Europe in a Europe beginning to <UNK> the epidemic .
These strategies allow regions and countries to respond to the problems and jointly to the existing opportunities .
I would therefore like to make it clear that I had to draw up this report in a rather sensitive area , with constant constantly increasing the risks of these low health and the inability of the scientific community to reach an agreement on this issue .
It is also important to take into account demographic changes .
This is the end of the <UNK> , which is being put into rights from Scotland to Scotland .
We need a mechanism that will change all the acts that we recognise .
Following February , the European Parliament , which has decisively its new powers , has succeeded in achieving substantial progress and obtain additional guarantees : the <UNK> approach ' by our group , the agreement on the grounds of the agreement , following a six months after six months , on the progress made available to the possibility of the European data , and the possibility of a European data in the United States , which the United States has been carried out in place , so on the new data and so on .
I have received the compromise we have made , despite its failure and determination , which I would like to see .
After all , true democracy means that .
Yemen can not be separated separately separately by security issues .
The Commission has repeatedly called on to take into account the interests of social services and vulnerable groups .
Our fishermen are the obstacles to fish less , but demand is also increasing and by the import countries .
As the representatives of the European Investment Bank have been able to hear , and I have not heard my first speech , I would like to draw attention to this , that the European Parliament is now implementing codecision and that the European Parliament has not only played a role , as has been said just now , in terms of the European Investment Bank 's questions relating to the European Investment Bank .
Madam President , Commissioner , you have told us in the initiative we MEPs , are planning to take on this issue .
The strength of Europe is in its joint efforts , whether we are talking about humanitarian or intergovernmental method .
I hope we return to a firm democratic policy that has only recently been done .
We must prepare a programme for visits , meetings and even <UNK> support for victims , but the victims themselves of this terrible persecution are those who are much better protected will protect their cause than we could .
Our support for this ratification week should clarify three issues .
Community rules on the free movement of capital are also defined as far as the so-called important projects are urged to return to the return of their citizens .
The programme also helps the cooperation between Spain and Colombia for the development of <UNK> migration .
They can also contribute to the use of personal qualities and qualifications in a successful business .
We hope that the European public and we also hope that the results will make it more aware of the challenges we all need to face .
As the draft agreement with the Principality of Liechtenstein , the draft and the draft amendment of the Council still wait for approval , as some Member States have political reservations and these documents relating to the revision of the EU Directive .
If that is a game or a <UNK> , you can not say , but as we always have a question of common practice .
Subject : <UNK> cooperation
We are aware of how difficult it is for the Commission and the Council to collect these data , as there are Member States who do not have any willingness to provide them with , perhaps because they are not covered by the effects of improving the quality of the procedures for improving the status of the status of persons and the status of persons with international protection .
However , negotiations with the country and the agreement must be held .
We should decisively stop the <UNK> situations that are so often faced with long-stay visas from a type of <UNK> .
I also agree with the report 's vision that a European strategy for these diseases must protect the services that help to protect and widespread healthcare in a geographical area .
Innovation can also help resolve the <UNK> between budgetary discipline and policy aimed at promoting growth .
In this context , the creation of a common foreign policy of the European Union is particularly important , so the challenge that Baroness Ashton faces Baroness Ashton is even greater .
As Vice-President of the Commission , I have the right to decide whether to hold a roll-call vote or not .
Rather , I think the Commission has done a good job and presented ambitious proposals .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , according to the report , the Commission should be successful competition policy .
That is why we also voted in the Committee on Foreign Affairs and today in this House today supported the amendments that meet our opinion .
Such something has happened in Austria until 2014 , which has been somewhat improved .
The EU budget for 2010 provides significant sums for commitments made in the Economic Recovery Plan , such as EUR 1 % , the European Network of <UNK> <UNK> ( EUR <UNK> million ) and storage of EUR <UNK> million in <UNK> .
I also share our own responsibility , Europe has given its power to increase this funding .
( FR ) No , this is not right .
However , Member States have different views on the question of whether nuclear energy can play a role in reducing CO2 emissions .
Climate protection is an important goal , but the climate change summit in Copenhagen is deplorable and does not reflect scientific facts .
The written translation of the country in the country of the donor is maintained as a requirement for exercising the opt-out for the entry into 10 years without delay .
It is therefore very important to develop targeted and intelligent sanctions , including against individuals .
Instead of insisting on more laws in the area of immigration and migration , we must do our legislation that we have , to work better and <UNK> for all citizens of the Union .
Following the declarations of the G20 , citizens expect results and a credible European Union .
There are currently hundreds of oil platforms for oil and gas oil platforms .
It dates from the end of June 2008 and reveals serious cases of corruption with EU funds .
The review of the preparations for a review conference , which will take place in 2010 , the Council intends to present a comprehensive and comprehensive joint opinion .
All of this are initiatives that call for many people in Europe .
Moreover , although these speeches were <UNK> by my political opponents , a statement is not contrary to the provisions of the law , as this <UNK> <UNK> court , since the Supreme Court of Justice ruled out of the <UNK> court , and , at the same time , he himself was fighting on a trial that many cases of the Court of France .
Achieving a balance between freedom , the protection of privacy and the need for security in the Internet constitutes a real challenge for all of us .
It is not decided whether young people aged 16 years could participate in the initiative , this depends on the national insurance law .
The debate is closed .
Mr President , I would first like to apologise that I did not start at the start of the debate , but I have just heard from Brussels , but you have just come from with a few days , and how I have been able to say , on the agenda that is very good but also a little bit of .
And what have been they had , and what were they received ?
Finally , oil companies are making a greater depth of increasing frequency , which makes it very difficult to intervene in the event of a accident and the marine environment .
What I would like to know is : what has happened with your public protest ?
I would like to see the word <UNK> ' decision before the government 's initial decision , so that the <UNK> decided by the Italian Government is not to attend the ceremony of the Nobel Prize ceremony for Peace in Oslo ; on the other hand , on the initiative of the Ombudsman is present as a responsible decision and responsible solution ' .
I would , however , like to mention two aspects .
In many cases , it goes further .
Moreover , I would also like to say a few words about the initiative , which is only one example of finding a specific solution to improving the implementation of the countries in countries such as Armenia , Azerbaijan , Moldova , Moldova , Ukraine or Belarus .
Before the vote :
Statistics on the freedom of religion show that the majority of religious acts are against Christians .
It is not only attempt to remove the principle of non-discrimination in the whole procedure , but also to create a European authority which will have capacity to receive and supervise the demands by the US .
Is it possible to have freedom without rights ?
Firstly , I would like to thank you .
The European Union must encourage Libya to adopt legal and social decisions that improve the conditions for approximately two million immigrants - almost a quarter of the population - which work in Libya .
However , sustainable economic development is possible only with the people .
When political options proposes so little hope of change , the feeling of the extreme <UNK> is inevitable - as we see the change of change is now being made in the region .
It is therefore important to continue the necessary preparations .
The issue of counterfeiting for purely protectionist measurable objectives has already made their results .
As we do not want to have the programme for residential heating , which is important for us all , we have finally agreed on not to import amendments .
They represent the result of the <UNK> consultation between members of the Convention and NGOs involved in democratic policy .
Some Member States are planning to excluded from the euro area is being made up of the desired attempt to create a strong Europe .
I think that Israel 's policy is seen from many of us as a <UNK> .
Since December , the newspapers and television programmes have been reported , and Europe has shown that Europe has been <UNK> by the time .
The unrest in Tunisia in the last few days are clearly proof of this .
On the other hand , however , competition is still being observed by third countries and , in particular , the so-called <UNK> flags ' .
This is the substance of the two letters , which I have been promised by the Commission since 1 March , as the quality of the region for the western Alliance of Liberals and which I had the opportunity to discuss Thursday last Thursday with the Commissioner , whom I thank you sincerely for the very warm .
( ES ) Mr President , the violent attacks held in Iraq and Egypt have been proof of two tragedies for Europe , albeit by a different nature .
More companies are being forced to benefit from low labour costs in some countries , particularly China and India , often , in the detriment of countries that respect workers ' rights .
We are aware that , in terms of financial and financial issues , the problems of mental health , often have a influence on both women , family and family life , and their families , and on society as a whole .
It is important to note that these agreements provide for passengers and passengers , as they can bring about simplification measures without being ignored .
By adopting the adoption and reaching an agreement on the framework for negotiations , Croatia and Slovenia agreed to decide on every border dispute in accordance with the principle of dispute settlement , we have been signing up in the United Nations Charter .
In the light of the above , I can only express my hope that it will be given greater legal certainty when it comes to the <UNK> of national courts in the context of family law , particularly in relation to the <UNK> or legal separation , as an important step towards the establishment of freedom and justice , in which freedom of movement is a reality .
The third point of view is safety , of course , and safety certification must be a prerequisite for obtaining the licence .
On this point , I would like to emphasise the importance of childcare facilities .
The additional funds for energy and research , as well as the decommissioning of the nuclear power plant nuclear power plant in Bulgaria , but what I do not agree with , are the most ambitious EU budget .
This programme for information is , in fact , extremely important , as it aims to understand European consumers and other consumers to understand that our production is not compete with other countries , but that it proposes an alternative in terms of production and production methods and social standards , in respect of their welfare and animal welfare standards , which is beneficial to the health benefit of people .
Please do not have the right thing .
It has more than 3 million victims and has been <UNK> than EUR 1 million in the region to leave their homes .
In addition , efforts are made to establish again and partnerships with neighbouring countries , the former Yugoslav Republic of Serbia , which I welcome , as it is important in humanitarian terms .
These include the potential of the Arctic region , the rich of the Arctic region , raw materials and energy resources , as well as new transport routes and tourism , but also the sensitivity of the Arctic environment in the Arctic , and the rights of the population .
We must not send a real message .
As regards the role of the private sector , decisions will be taken to everyone , so that the commitment of the private sector will not be a fundamental requirement for support under the future stability mechanism .
Obviously , the democratic and enduring democracy is a prerequisite for possibly EU membership .
Our cross-border cooperation and the European Instrument for Democracy and human rights programmes have helped the people of the <UNK> of Russia and other <UNK> peoples from the Caspian Sea region .
We will try to provide the other EUR 2.4 billion by means of the implementation of the budget procedure for 2010 and 2011 with all - and I quote - as this is important - <UNK> budget provided for in its legal framework and without affecting financial transactions , the annual solution , the annual budget procedure and budgetary procedure ' .
I think that , through many broad agreement , we have achieved in cooperation with my shadow rapporteurs and with all of you , we are sending a very clear message to the Council and the Commission , to the task that it has the task of the negotiators but also to negotiate on the part of the country , which we must , in which we must , in order to achieve a reality , in order to strengthen our bilateral relations with the bilateral relations with the human rights and human rights in Libya .
Even if it will not be a citizens ' initiative .
On 9 December of trade ministers , we will meet the economic and commercial cooperation ministers .
The problem of water is the most important challenge facing the world and before Europe .
What is the European strategy for this ?
However , I call on the Agency to improve the end of the information provided by the operational estimates on the evaluation of the operational costs .
The solution is not to rise borders , but rather to seek concrete ways to facilitate the integration of citizens in the diversity of European societies .
It also concerns their daily lives .
In order to avoid any misunderstanding , I have to say that this report does not have a direct concern for genetically modified food .
Now it is <UNK> .
I am sure that this new proposal will give a new impetus to the debate in the Council , ensuring that the new proposal will also reflect the opinions of the Council and Parliament .
rapporteur . - ( ES ) Madam President , I would like to briefly point out two things .
Or please give a densely Member State such as Germany , Austria or Italy : how will we make Austria or Germany , for example , adopt a 30 % reduction in the way that Poland will regulate its economic development , the number of cars and so on ?
The bulk of patients with the violation of mental health in hospitals and other social institutions are in a more precarious and absolutely worrying living conditions , with extremely large gaps at a level of level and <UNK> aid .
This trade regime allows emerging countries and regions to benefit from the European market in return to the ratification of the International Labour Organisation ( ILO ) ILO ) and the UN conventions for human rights conventions .
Europe will be united and unity will be provided by strong regions that make their own interests work together , work closely together with other , thereby creating a network of wealth and development in Europe .
This actually represents the transfer of Europe 's money to these third countries .
Israel must be saved by a solution that implies war and the driving force .
We need a speed up when the short-term financial market gains , with a view to those rules that want to make long-term investments in jobs , in <UNK> and long-term success .
I am also pleased that the Commissioner Füle is present , who is responsible for our neighbourhood policy .
There is an ever-increasing risk of increasing marine parts in areas that are increasingly disadvantaged in the sea .
Of course , there is a different framework for India and for Europe to say , to the path of road to the road , and this is understandable , because both sides are different to development .
It seeks to provide greater protection with regard to CE marking , hazardous substances , national contact points for construction products , independence and transparency , health and safety , as well as communication communication .
Unfortunately , this promise is still the case in which we have done .
Experience from the past shows that we are making and firmly implementing the rules solely on their proper impact on competition within a sector .
On behalf of my group , I would like to say that I was able to express my office with great dignity .
The EU strategy for Black Sea is fully devoted to the development of the Nabucco pipeline and the creation of a free trade area , its free energy security and <UNK> in the region .
The cities need for intelligent communications , transport and energy infrastructure .
We are not talking about new minorities here .
Personally , I think that labelling will not be enough or if this type of <UNK> guilt must not be called <UNK> ' .
We must acknowledge that , unfortunately , a few hours ago , there was an ongoing violation of human rights .
Finally , I would like to mention the progress made made on the <UNK> , which provides them with protection for investors , which provides them protection , and I would like to see this <UNK> - the <UNK> of the seller is due to his or not only in the case .
I would prefer to have the support of the fundamental political families , but some of this .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety and the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy and the two participating in the discussions with the Commissioner , where we were able to look at the facts in the facts .
I do not know Mr Samecki , and so I am very interesting that he is here to answer a question on which Mr McCreevy work and his team .
On behalf of thousands of people now , I say 'yes ' to the European Protection Order .
This is the only way to get Europol work properly .
You do not want people to be forced to suffer a battle against health care of health inequalities which are restricted to electronic figures and statistics in their statistics ?
The Arctic therefore makes an important contribution to the energy supply of energy , raw materials and also to Europe .
In view of the fact that this is a authoritarian regime , it must be considered the possibility of other countries , particularly for neighbouring countries .
Taking into account the <UNK> of the Black Sea Synergy , which we approved three years ago , a new EU strategy for the Black Sea should use a stronger policy and concrete instruments .
The current and resources of the Office for combating corruption and organised crime were strengthened .
The European Parliament must have a greater role in creating competition policies and , in this regard , I call on the Commission to take account of , in particular , for the recommendations and 4 , to take a serious account of the European Parliament on its recommendations .
These are many good plans , but their implementation is severely affected by the financial and economic crisis that continues to be today .
We fight in Belarus to have free elections and Belarus to be free partner in Europe .
We therefore support the development of relations with Libya by establishing a framework agreement that has been established various areas of cooperation with a view to promoting genuine political dialogue .
We must be careful in the environment not to <UNK> it .
I voted in favour of the resolution on creating credit rating agencies : prospects .
I therefore call on the European Commission and the Member States to develop an effective strategy for helping the media .
( EL ) Madam President , we are in a turning point .
This means that water must remain under public control , which is in the interests of everyone .
Unfortunately , positive elements are too few and rare elements .
Since the Agency has been set for five years of recommendations , however , it seems that there is no desire for this .
However , what I would like to say and point out is that a strong <UNK> is just as dangerous and <UNK> in human beings , and in the economy .
Of course .
And now what is it ?
The EU strategy for the Black Sea should therefore create a more complex political framework and give a strong impetus to the EU 's involvement in the Black Sea region .
Subject : emission reduction measures for reducing administrative costs for SMEs
As I understand from the <UNK> on this issue , the lack of information is precisely the lack of information on what was said , so that it was the case to get meat to meat .
At the same time , I share the rapporteur 's position that Member States should have more time to investigate whether the directives will lead to legal uncertainty that makes European harmonisation of the rules necessary .
I am primarily thinking of the hundreds of hundreds of students or even thousands of students who can not continue their training and I would like to make a very concrete proposal , namely , to draw up a specific programme on the Erasmus system , within the framework of the <UNK> system .
However , there is now a risk of the risk of a system used to prevent another practice , namely the violation of human rights from the regime .
Mr President , it is the same .
Do we really think that it will be better to create a new administrative bureaucracy in the hands of the same <UNK> CAP that created the common fisheries policy , the common fisheries policy , budgets and all the other systems put forward by the EU law ?
Finally - thank you , Mr President - we believe that the chapter on sustainable development must include binding commitments regarding respect for social and environmental standards , particularly the social standards of the ILO .
It will probably be in the interests and the Commission 's interests to include the European Parliament in legislative initiatives at the legislative stage , to ensure an effective process that is in the interests and for the benefit of the people in Europe , as well as for active democracy .
Because a person can be subjected to discrimination on the basis of any of those who have been discriminated against individually and , if nothing is done in relation to one of them , becomes well done and done in terms of the rest .
We have made many criteria and , if possible , we want to cover all areas of relations between the EU and Russia .
( PT ) We must learn lessons from oil in the Gulf of Mexico and environmental disaster disaster .
Member States must be able to adapt to the circumstances .
It is based on a common asylum system , which is based on asylum seekers and decisions concerning the future of these citizens .
Laurent Gbagbo must recognise its wisdom .
Thirdly , there is indeed no impact assessment of the financial impact , there is no study to determine the size of expenditure , and I fear that I must express my disagreement with you , Commissioner : I do not think that the study carried out by the European Parliament on the burden of the burden relating to these proposals .
For example , in relation to the recently adopted decisions on <UNK> equipment or for a large number of <UNK> , the ceiling involved in the area of 25 % to 75 % .
We therefore call for the <UNK> role , and Parliament regularly informed about any initiatives in this area .
However , this can not be done by <UNK> and obvious changes .
Together with the countries of the Sahel , we must expand and coordinate our efforts through a common regional strategy , just as you mentioned .
In my opinion , the negotiating negotiations on the Mediterranean are not a cause of urgency , as the last Turkish Cypriots is contrary to the existing consensus on some issues , which means that , in fact , represents a step backwards .
Small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) must be supported first and foremost .
Finally , this response to the crisis must be comprehensible for citizens , it must reiterate priorities and energy priorities and confirm the position of an independent European Union , while leaving all the opportunities available to all avenues , so that we can achieve exactly what we want .
However , we voted in favour of this resolution as a whole .
Such investments are a kind of compensation thanks to the savings during the election time , as well as reducing the total costs of the total costs for asylum seekers .
The framework agreement with Libya can therefore be consulted by Parliament 's consent only if some conditions are met .
I can only regret the fact that the European right to adopt tougher procedures on the understanding of the understanding that all asylum seekers are mainly potential in this way .
What is happening in the final ?
It will help to help support small and medium-sized enterprises and to promote small and medium-sized enterprises , as they employ the highest percentage of the citizens of the European Union .
Is it not appropriate for the start of the process for the Commission to organise some form of the imperialist infighting of the EU 's territory in order to find out the soil and understand what the problem of citizens would have been able to deal with the citizens ' initiative .
However , this is a good result that is fully the result of Parliament 's objectives , the Council 's objectives and the Commission 's objectives , namely - to fight human trafficking , this terrible form of slavery , this terrible crime , which Europe does not deserve a crime in 2010 and which deserves a violation of fundamental rights to so many citizens .
I really believe that the same will happen later this year , but I do not want to find a situation where we receive no document for 2008 , but for 2007 .
The problems in the euro area are clearly proof of the failure of the <UNK> approach that has been taken over the last 10 years with the so-called open coordination method .
The recent study of the British town proves exactly this : a system that is a short-term response to asylum seekers is very rich and the delay of the most dangerous families of families is also very <UNK> .
It will ensure that any person who claims that it is the victim of the Convention on the part of the institution or the Union 's body , can submit a complaint against the Court of Justice in Strasbourg , in the same conditions as complaints against Member States .
In future , we need to make the food aid scheme .
The main investment that will allow this goal is the Nabucco pipeline .
The second aspect of the subject is linked to the pharmaceutical product .
What structural changes can the European Union offer ?
A few months ago , I supported the need for a review of the provisions on the crimes against crimes in so-called blasphemy laws ' .
